How to unblock my account?
I am visually impaired. Why is my prepaid amount getting deducted for value added services I did not ask for?
I want to pay my phone bill
you dont even have keyword for sim activation
How can i upgrade the balance amount?
What changes can be done in billing address with documents ?
I want to get the duplicate invoice of my bill
I want to block my sim card
What does the M in M-banking stands for?
I want to get a credit card
I will not speak in Hindi today
why You don’t understand
Where were you yesterday
I'm an atheist
Welcome to Ibm?
What all can i-Assist help me with?
is there any offers present in my number?
I want to change my bill plan
What is direct carrier billing?
I want to deactivate my roaming.
My bill amount is incorrect.
How can I link my aadhar number to my mobile number
Please credit my matured fixed deposit amount in my savings bank account
What are the traffic rules in India
But, cheques can also be made payable to the bearer
How to check validity status?
For how long can I avail of Safe custody and what are the charges?
Sales Lead
what is the rate of interest for the saving account ?
I have already paid my bill, but I still receive notification for pending due amount.
my credit card is physically damaged. what is the procedure to replace it
what is the target for today?
What are the documents need to be submitted for change of address for my Mobile connection?
I want to change my data package
Please activate my 3G services soon.
Do you have samsung mobile charger?
Did we meet our target?
which detergent is most suitable with your company's washing machine
I can help you to apply for a credit card today if you like.
Can you please update my address?
Thank you for being on line. Your call has been transferred to senior. I am (______). (senior will continue the call)
What is my data balance ?
Recently I changed my home and need to update my billing address
I would like to roam around the world
What all services would i be getting
How many days it takes for MNP processing and activation on new network
My mobile phone has been stolen. I want to have my number blocked.
Do you have paperless services
I want to have call waiting activated on my number
May i know your call center support hours?
I want to know the call rates for std calls
I want to know the call rates for national roaming
You have kept me on hold for a very long time.
i want to change my billing address
I need itemized bill
I want to know the data usage charges during international roaming
what is the eligibility duration of this?
I want to activate my DND service
I want to know my Bill Delivery Status
Send me my credit card statement from last month?
how can i change my address?
Recharge my mobile for 100
Where is my ATM PIN?
how to activate call waiting?
how frequently can i change my bill plan?
My loan is not approved yet.
Cancel my scheduled payment
Good mind, good find.
what do you like in food
Please deactivate the hello tunes plan
It is raining cats and dogs.
My bill amount is incorrect.
Will I get new SIM card from new Service provider / Mobile operator or I can use the old SIM itself?
Shailendra is suffering from hairfall.
honesty is the best policy.
who is solicitor?
you can dicide on this
Don't provide your ATM pin no or the personal details to anyone on the call.
What is happiness.
I am facing call drop issue while traveling
is video call facility is available on this phone
Reading is a good habit.
When ATM-cum-Debit card is lost or misplaced what immediate steps are to be taken?
this word comes from greek
Can I pay my bill in installment?
What is the time for customer support?
What are the offers on full talktime?
Do your network provide emergency balances?
How to start do not disturb service?
As per company policies,it takes 5 business working days to complete the request for cheque book.
Sorry for the inconvenience caused to you by the delay in completing the request made for debit card.
I did not get last 5 month e-bill for my mobile number ending with 3456
Explain me the procedure to check balance of datacard
Can I take a loan on my credit card?
I want to change my billing date of my credit card.
May i know sales lead details of my area ?
Thank you waiting in the call
I am going for shopping today.
Who is the author of the book “How India Sees the World: Kautilya to the 21st Century”?
Customer : No. Thank you.
what is my pending balance
tell me your issue
Where are you going?
I need to change my plan.
How can I open PPF account for my India saving account?
Today's temperature is moderate.
My mobile number portability is not activated in my new service provider. Please check and let me know your feedback.
The drums sound better at a distance.
Sir, you need to carry an address proof, 2 photos & ID proof. Also 200rs as activation charges which will be refunded in your first bill.
Change the address of data card to get duplicate bill.
Do I need to submit KYC documents to the bank while purchasing third party products (like insurance or mutual fund products) from banks
have a nice day
What's the best deal that you can offer?
truck is moving
I want to pay my bill
Could you please tell me my balance amount?
What are the different international roaming tariff plans?
How may I help you
How to select mobile network manually ?
today weather is very hot
I have already paid my bill still i am getting message to pay my bill
What is the procedure to add / cancel / modify a nominee in my locker?
I want to enquire about the housing loan.
Can you send an executive to my place?
how is the sim ?
Yes, my projects were completed under budget and before the schedule.
For Mobile expenses, please go to Expense Centre in W3.
I have a request that, to deactivate my message services to receive unnecessary Messages
For any access related, please contact local security.
How can put a stop payment on a Cheque?
i want to change my house address
what do you do for living
What is my loan balance
how can I change my caller tune ?
I want new passbook.
How can i activate DND service in my SIM ?
how can i generate new pin for my debit card
We will have to leave tomorrow to attend the meeting.
I am getting better plan from other service providers
i need to block my debit card
I want detail description of my bill.
please tell me process for blocking my account number .
Thanks for for calling. Good day
I’m sorry, this question would be out of my expertise, but person from the tech support department will be able to help you. Would you like me to connect you with him?
How to get information about best offers on your sim ?
Can you tell me the balance in my Bank account ?
HOW CAN I UPDATE MY SIM FROM 3G TO 4G.
I have taken roaming free pack still i am facing roaming charges.
Goodbye sir!
I have done my work
Could you please help me to activate roaming on my phone number
How can extend my SIM data plan ?
I want to know, is it possible to open a bank account from home.
My bill amount is in correct
My account is blocked
How to apply for a gift card
I am getting more bill every time than i use.
What is my credit limit against my credit card?
What is your good name.
How to de-activate my SIM card?
How long will it take for a sim card deactivation?
this is the monsoon season
Please fill this form and submit to the counter.
Now a days,I am learning new subjects.
What should one do if he forgets PIN or the card is sucked in by the ATM?
I read newspaper for 2 hours regularly.
we don't know where we are
What is my due date?
we should keep our promise
What to do if you are getting the message on the ATM "INVALID CARD" ?
I want to stop extra sevices on my mobile number
Do you frequently go to this organization?
How Can I make my SBI Life premium payments through State Bank ATMs?
What is my internet balance?
your call will be recorded for  training and quality purpose
We are sorry for the inconvenience caused to you
sir, do you want to enquiry about the post paid plans or the prepaid plans?
How can I activate roaming?
why i am charged for value added services?
I want to know the total amount of accounts resides in your bank.
Is my bill available online?
Who can be the co-applicants for the home loan?
On what date does my bill generate?
Please enter your debit card number
When can I make an application for Loan?
What Does 'Market Value' of the Property mean?
Glad to meet you
Is is good to take permission?
What should I do if my Debit Card is not working?
How do I use my credit card?
Can I use my credit card for international transactions?
What is the difference between BSNL Broadband home and BSNL Broadband business?
What has been your favorite family vacation?
How do I know if my mobile number is registered with ICICI Bank?
With a local facility connection can I have roaming facility?
Whom should I contact for service related problems?
Type of handset
What should I do in case my SIM card/mobile phone is lost?
Would you rather win an Olympic medal, an Academy Award or the Nobel Peace prize?
what is india's capital?
What are my monthly charges
I visited many places, Some of them quite, Exotic and far away, But I always returned to myself.
I want to live some more years.
What is the charge of message facility.
Please do needful
Yes i can understand
Hey good night
hoping you are getting
Can I make the payment thru Credit card?
Please provide me the details of offers available on debit and credit cards.
How will my payment get adjusted in case of cash withdrawal?
What happens if there is a problem with the biller or a specific charge on a bill?
Can I register 2 e-mail IDs/mobile numbers on credit card?
can you explain my Balance Deduction Query
There is problem in my network.
What is covered under 'View Rewards'?
How can I make a payment in my credit card loan account?
What are the tariff plans of Reliance Jio?
how can i change my password for internet login
do you provide loan against post office savings
The instalment amount must be paid on the first working day of each month.
What are the details of my loan account
What benefits do I get as a Reliance Jio subscriber?
How to change Credit Card pin
Please go to the first counter on the left side.
Have a nice day ahead
I have any SMS offer on my mobile number ending with 0889 ?
How will I know if I have sufficient funds to cover the expense?
When my internet pack will expire
what PUK means
Hello, my sim card is deactivated since last 2 days. I registered complaint for same. Could you please tell me the status.
how do I call international number
to which country I can call or sms
What is the per minute cost of receiving a call while on roaming?
shipping address need not be same as billing address
Hello ,May I help you?
I want to activate my roaming .
What happens if I do not extend Safe Custody?
What seems to be the problem
How many types of cards are there?
which is the famous italian restaurant in Pune?
Hello How are you ?
Amit takes proper care of his bike
I want a new sim card
When does my account statement generate?
What is my Present Plan?
Can you Activate my Caller tunes ?
i would like to know the process of getting a duplicate credit card
Can you please tell me the principal outstanding for my housing loan?
What is the nearest branch to my address which has locker service?
Can you please tell me how to lock my number as it is stolen
I want to deactivate hello tunes from my number
what is the interest rate for 2 year FD ?
I want to port my number
As per my plan I can use internet up to 750 MB
Please update my account
I want to get my current account information.
happy birthday my friend
what is my credit card balance
can you tell me about current bill plans?
What is the difference between Donor and Recipient circle in mobile number portability?
This data is actually not correct
close my account
Please change my due date
And, I'll place the order now
I want to port my number
Bill Dispute
Please convert my credit card bill into EMI.
Family Plan Creation
Hello Sir  , good morning , would you like us to convert the recent transaction of one lacks to easy monthly instalments
But I wanted to recharge my number and not only have balance for calling that too just for seven days
How do I get my address updated
How do I get the breakfix support available for my car breakdown
What is the process to calculate the value of my car
What are the various frequencies available,can I convert EMI into 3/6/9/12 months options?
I want to change my data plan.
Hard work leads to success.
Microsoft Launches Beta 'I Control', with Control of Eyes Control
Please send me your email address
Hey..Happy teacher's day..
What is my civil score.
what is the benefits of saving accounts ?
In my area call drops frequently.
What is my current data balance
what is the interest rate of home loan?
is there any child education plan under three thousand per month ?
all are good?
Head ache medical treatment
I want to know the documents required for car loan?
How many plans you have below 500.
I am facing call drop issues from 2 days, and not getting proper network signals.
All fields marked with * are mandatory fields.
I don't know anything except this.
is everything alright with you
What’s the most expensive thing you’ve broken?
I want a top up for my gold loan.
What is the home loan interest rate for person which is in poverty line?
what are the charges for locker services?
How to find the solution
i know i am sweet
Do something new
I want to change my plan
Can you help me with my current bill plan?
Am i eligible for personal loan?
we want corruption free india
this car was made in japan
Do you like going to school?
not feeling well today
Which is the latest android version?
What is a billing dispute?
what are the root causes for billing dispute?
I want to add a new Postpaid Account
what's the yearly  tariff for creditcard subscription
My Data Card is not working.
what is Sunset direction?
What is your faviourite picnic spot?
what is your favorite color?
where are you going?
What is the bill amount?
can you transfer the call to the senior
i am not able to recharge my number
i am facing migration related issue
Please confirm, have you update my payment status
I want ot know my outstanding amount
Ok. Here’s the application form. Please fill in your personal details, occupation, job position, gross annual income.
could you check my account balance
could you please activate video calling
Yes, I have my driver’s license with me.
Would you provide me the new tariff?
Happy Engineers Day
Happy Independance day
Can I help you with anything else?
How to Request Feedback from a Customer
I will buy new sim of Jio tomorrow.
Today is very good weather.
What to Say When You’re Too Busy to Respond Right Away
Is there a cost associated with stopping a cheque
the bill amount of my Airtel postpaid connection is Rs 500.
I want to change my address
How many people can I connect to my bill plan?
I want to deposit 5000 Indian rupee in my bank account.
I want to change my future plan
I am facing this issue since morning
Why does my bill show two calls starting at the same time?
What should be done in case during the cash withdrawal process, cash is not disbursed by the account gets debited for the amount?
how may i help you
Who is Access provider?
Could you please give me 2 minutes, while I check your bill details.
Well, I'm so glad to here it from you.
I got it, thanks a bunch, Sydney! You're such a big help!
You're very much welcome! Is there anything else that I could help you with?
Please make my credit card bill correct
Please remove extra fees from my credit card bill
How can i find out ATM
HOW TO REFERING A FRIEND?
How to enrol in pan card.?
Did you dream last night?
If you could change one thing about the world, regardless of guilt or politics, what would you do?
If you could change one thing about the world, regardless of guilt or politics, what would you do?
How can I activate a data pack?
What is account payable?
what is account?
How do I get to know whether I have used up my Mobile Internet usage quota? How do I keep a track of my Mobile internet usage while on PayGo? Is there a simple way to check usage?
Can i withdraw the FD before the tenor expiry? If yes, what is the impact on interest?
how do people communicate at work
I wish to change my billing address.
many many happy returns of the day, happy birthday. May God bless you with long life.
How can i get caller tunes on my number.
Will it work on Chinese handset ?
Can I get a duplicate bill for this month?
Is the cost of USIM included in activation charge ?
Recharge not reflecting on my account
How can I get one single bill for my various numbers?
When is my billing cycle of Postpaid Number.
How does an NRI know whether a particular company is open for NRI investment?
I am currently situated overseas and I have some â‚¹500 & â‚¹1,000 bank notes. What should I do?
If Bank is closed, what will happen to my EMI, will it bounce?
Is there any restriction on usage of Debit/Credit card or Internet Banking transfers?
My international roaming is not working
What proofs do i require to open a bank account?
I want to deactivate
I’m concerned about ATM fees increasing as I don’t have access to my bank’s ATM network but need cash due to Hurricane Harvey related issues. Who do I contact regarding this concern?
I can't reach my bank by phone or internet. What should I do?
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
A lie has speed, but truth has endurance
I am working in IBM from 5 years
Dont put me on hold
Do you offer Balance Transfer facility in Personal Loan?
If you are paying off your credit card bills within the due dates, then essentially you are not contributing to their profits
you will love working here
my Vodafone no is going to expire i am getting the message why is it so?
Hi, This is Laxmi calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Rashmi calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Manisha calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Kavita calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Raju go to home
i got hurt
Hi, This is Ekta, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Nabila, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Sumayla, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Wahida, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Pankaj, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Can a salary account have a joint applicant?
Your Welcome.
I want another data plan.
What are your other offers?
What is my mobile's billing due date?
Is my Mobile Number Portability request canceled?
I am not feeling well.
May I know your good name?
What security do I have to furnish?
My broadband is not working
Whom I can contact, in case of non-credit or delay in credit to the beneficiary account for NEFT transaction?
It is Monday today.
I will go to market tomorrow.
He loves singing.
If lost card is subsequently found/traced and restored to cardholder, can it be reactivated?
I have noted your request and the service is expected to be restored by 9 PM. So if your issues is not resolved by that time, give us a call  back to see if there’s an update to the situation.
A measure of productivity or efficiency which is typically a number of features delivered over time.
what is the monthly charge of locker ?
A measure that says about frequency of delivering new work items.
wash your hands before having food.
My bill amount is wrong
What is the Procedure to check Account Balance?
Do you charge any fee for NEFT?
what is my current Data Balance ?
Please provide more information.
I want to know the latest status of my Service Request?
This is request for Cab booking
I want to know my KYC document I have submitted for my account.
I want to schedule  payment.
Update my adhar card/Pan card .
This is regarding request number 201
I am facing network problem in my area.
This is my fourth call on this matter.
What is IFSC?
What are the usages of debit cards?
eligibility for home loan
How can I activate a data pack?
How many company you work with?
I want to change my existing plan
I want to activate international roaming on my mobile number.
what are you preparing now ?
I want to do stop Value added services
what are value added services.
Please stop or cancel the last payment made, the payee account number is wrong.
I want to receive my last 3 bills
Your incident has been recorded in our system
Do you have pencil?
this request is on hold due to additional information needed from requestor.
can i have your employee id please
Where do you live ?
I am having troubles while connecting to the internet. Could you please help me resolve the issue?
How much data did i use this month?
you can find lots of video regarding watson achievements
do you know magic?
please change my email address for email communication
How much would that cost me?
Is it possible to buy a new SIM with same bill plan so that I can avail double benefits?
I am unable to make calls
Have a nice day
Please help
you play tennis very well.
All fields marked with * are mandatory fields.
how to teach?
Customer : I want to know my unbilled amount
I am not receiving e-mail alerts
I Played Badminton yesterday.
I want to buy a post paid number
I ahve 2gb net
what is your name?
How many countries are participated in BRICS recently ?
Please deactivate my top up
When will I have my increment in IBM?
I want to close my connection.
what is your father name?
I want to activate international roaming on my number
Thank you Now I can read and Write in Hindi
how much validity is remaining in my account balance
How can I help you?
What is the current status of my application?
can I know my bill plan?
let me know if you can help
how was your day?
I am having some bill dispute.
Can I Change any tariff plans reserved on my mobile number before its expiry date?
My internet connection is not working.
Does your cellphone support 4G?
Voice Quality is not good for Tata Docomo.
I am getting crazy for unnecessary charges put on my bill.
Could you please call back?
Can you tell me about the details of new plans on account of  Festival
what is today's date?
i need new laptop
what are the interest rates for personal loan and savings account ?
Please enter a correct address
please activate roaming on my number .
Hello..What is the ICCID?
You can take the pill in the morning or at night.
I want to take personal loan .
How to Apply for the Another Cheque Book ?
I want to deposit money in my savings account .
I want to deactivate roaming service
There is some network issue due to the bad weather.
It's raining out side.
Can you please recharge my data card
Can you tell me how the telephone banking services work?
thank you for the information brother , I will purchase the sim .
Hello Sir, welcome to customer care, how can i help you?
I want to to know the process for depositing cash in savings account .
Hi Sir, It will be my Pleasure to serve you.
I want to port my number .
I did not get the money back
let's go to the market
can you help me to achieve
Do you understand Hindi ?
My data services is not activated
we are happy to assist you
What is the validity of my sim
I tried but unfortunately the SIM card won’t fit in My phone.
Use turn indicators while driving
Sir, Please bear with me as my system is taking a little longer to show the details of your account.
what are different types of home loans
How to calculate the tax for current year
we should encrypt password sending to improve the security
I want to close my number.
The water is not drinkable.
Do you need more information ?
Spirit of Excellence is the World's greatest achievement.
However, in case of monthly payouts, interest is paid at a discounted value. For Traditional Term/Fixed Deposits with quarterly payout
what is rate of outgoing call.
How to setup mobile for internet usage.
For Traditional FD , tax is deducted on each interest payment and on interest accrued on March 31st of every year.
valid PAN is required to be submitted by all customers whose tax needs to be deducted.
The effective date of Fixed deposit shall be the date on which the amounts of deposit placed are realized by the Bank.
I want to close my account
When will I receive my Credit Card PIN?
I am not satisfied with your customer service
Can I convert my Credit Card purchase into EMI Online?
what all documents do i need to submit
I would like to know the steps for activation of 4G plan
What are the plans and monthly charges for caller tunes
I want to change my billing address
I want to create a FD can you help
Hello I am watson
my Debit card is not working so please help
How are you
My bill amount is incorrect
My name is Kadeer
I want to request for a new Debit card
My name is kadeer
I want to open a Recurring Deposit
I want to update my phone number in the bank account
No, a Credit Card bill cannot be added for Standing Instruction (SI) on Debit Card
What are the Mobile Network Troubleshooting Steps?
thank you for such a quick response.
Hello watson how are you
Does Members Telecom offer its services to businesses as well as to residential customers?
all calls you make, money will be deducted from secondary balance.
How do I update my address?
Last month I requested to change my landline plan, still the billing amount is not reflecting the requested plan amount.
I would like to register for standing instruction to get my monthly credit card bill amount can be debited from my account.
I want monthly statement of my bank account
i believe I have been a victim of identity theft. How can i clear my name?
Can I transfer my telephone number to a relative?
Placing standing instruction for debit of funds
What will be the rate of interest if i convert my last credit card transaction of 15000 INR into EMI for 6 months?
I want to change my customer tariff .
Are you looking for reward program with your card?
What are the benefits of the multi city cheque book?
I want to activate dialer tone on my number
Cheque is payable across the counter for any amount at account holder’s branch.
What are fee applies for using DEBIT CARD
I want to change my billing address
I told you just now
what is the procedure to apply personal loan?
i want to activate ISD
Thank you for calling Airtel, My name is Parwez Alam, how can I help you.
How to order a Demand draft offline?
How much is the bill in my postpaid number?
Safety is our No1 Priority
In how many city do you have 4G coverage?
For ordering a demand draft, do I need to provide my PAN card details?
Like all other SIM, is roaming facility free on your network?
Can I use GPRS on my SIM?
What happens if i order demand draft to beneficiary address at locations where this facility is not available?
Can we get duplicate copy of a bill later?
How can I check my un-billed data?
Is the leading investor of the connection involved on social networking sites?
Please transfer my SMS plan to my new number ending with 9878
I am unable to use internet.
I want to activate international roaming pack.
Subscribe my e-mail for promotional scheme related to SMS plan.
I want to change my bill plan.
How may I help You?
to talk to our customer care executive press 9.
For selection of other language press 2
i want to activate the DND service.
Can you please tell me your ticket number
We will send your ATM PIN to your postal address.
Can you please do my alternate number activation.
How can i change billing address of my connection
who is your best friend?
can i get my bank statment
i want to change my ring tone
Yes, let us try a eight-and-a-half.
Let's play the game
Could you please restart your system?
How shall the customer keep his/her ATM transaction secure?
Yes this is a Farida.
What can i do for you?
How are you doing ?
Please refund my balance
We should really work hard to achieve our goals
I want to change my plan from prepaid to postpaid
where are you from
Your order is on time.
There is big difference between I can do everything and i know everything
Put your card into the machine
click on one of the choices
Children play chess everyday
Please deactivate international roaming pack on my phone
I need your help on this. Will you be able to
Is there any loan offer on card?
Can I use my credit card for international transactions?
I require my credit card statements of one year for IT purpose. Whom can I approach?
What is the maximum and minimum limit that can be kept on credit card?
My credit card is going to expire. When will I receive the renewal card?
Which lounges will I get an access to? Is this applicable for domestic airports as well?
I want to convert a transaction into EMI. Will I be eligible for reward points on the transaction after conversion?
Can I know the status on credit card payments?
how long is this approval valid?
How long does it take to get my loan sanctioned?
How will the Lounge Visit charge appear in my monthly statement?
Membership of Frequent Flyer programme gets a customer into airport lounges. So why do I need a Priority Pass?
I want to activate DND service in my postpaid number
How and where will the auto recharge get triggered for Namma / Bangalore Metro Card?
Can I use my Chip and PIN credit card overseas?
What is Computer Virus?
How to update contact number in Adhaar Card
How many ounces are there in a gallon?
When the sim will be activated
Looks like your bill amount is corrct , You have used more internet
What is incoming call rates in international roaming
What is my Fixed deposit balance till date?
how to create a strong password
I would like to know process to change current version of application
How can I help you?
what is the broadband plan in my area.
There is no network in my phone.
Please be louder
Please enable the services for international calling
I need a payment receipt for my last payment
How to make an emergency call if there is no network.
Please Activate DND Service
Thank You.
I want to check my bill amount
Do you speak Hindi?
How can I activate DND services?
can you please update my new home address in bank account
3 weeks back, i have applied for credit card, i haven't received yet, Could you please tell when i would receive?
How much domestic roaming charges are ?
I want to activate 3G service in my mobile.
I want to update my mail ID
Why am I charged this much
Good morning have a nice day
I want to raise a complaint
i will see you when i see you
today is Friday.
My current month billing is defective. It contains charges against SMS that is well within my Bill plan free SMS numbers.
I am tall person
i want to reissue my atm card
That's really a great idea
I want to know about my credit card due amount.
Operator : Thank you for calling sir. Have a great day ahead.
what are you doing over the weekend
Thank you for calling airtel. How may I help you today ?
how are you?
What happened to our order?
My Name is Balraj
How to activate International roaming when I am in out side of India?
I want to meet you?
I want to know my mobile bill cycle period
I want to change my billing address
What is the process for closing my loan
Hi Can You please let me know about new plans?
I had used my debit card for shopping but swipe machine showed transaction failed for my card.
I want to change my mobile data plan. The plan that I am using currently give 300 MB 3g data and 2g unlimited data. Now I want to upgrade my plan. Please tell me other plans
Thank you for all your help.
Please help me
Please tell me the process of mobile number portability
tit for tat
I have to go to my Friend's house this saturday.
What are the different tariff plans for international calls?
My ATM pin is blocked, Please generate new pin.
Can you please resolve my network issue ?
I don't have the Customer ID.
Can I pay for the rent of a locker through my account?
I had to wait for a long time on the IVR.
My bill is still shown pending
Which company have you purshased the sim?
Please help me to reset the ATM pin.
Where are you calling from?
They registered my complaint and gave me the complaint number.
Your Laptop, Macbook, TP, Computer should be locked, if you are away from it.
The number you are dialing is currently switched off at this moment.
How long does it take to do a stop payment on a cheque?
where did your primary education happened
what is your highest qualification
I want to know about the various data plans in my network.
i like the offers in the sim.
What do you do?
Hello, How are you ?
Who are you?
How are you?
Please provide your PAN card number
it's friday
how to generate my bill detail?
How may I help you today?
My bill amount is incorrect
i want to pay my phone bill
I want to change this product, please share the process for it
It always seems impossible until it's done.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
Do I have some working hours?
If I understand you correctly, you were promised… It appears there has been a mistake. Let’s figure out how we can resolve this...
May i know my total bill amount till date?
My network is down at office hours every day.
My balance have been deducted without any prior notice
I am getting too much call & sms from your marketing & sales team
What is the caller tune amount?
My refund is in pending state.
What are the charges for DND Services?
My data card plan is out dated.
I want check my PPF account balance.
I want to check recurring deposit account balance for my buisness account.
I want to check my fixed deposit account balance ending with 9890
I want to check my joint  account balance ending with 9890
I want change my address of my bank account
How do I know, if that call is from Telemarketer?
A breadwinner is the main financial provider in the family. Historically the husband has been the breadwinner.
Adopted children are children that were given up at birth, abandoned or were unable to be cared for by their biological parents.
How do I avoid bank fees and charges?
What is the procedure of applying for loan
how to update address details of my account
I want to buy a phone within 30 K
let's go somewhere.
Based on your interest i have found you a profile that suits you?
How secrecy of PIN is maintained?
What is my salary ?
can i get alert of my account status on my mobile
how many days it will take for mobile number portability
When is my marriage anniversary
what are you doing
I want to convert my bill plan from postpaid to prepaid.
ï»¿Hello Mary. I understand the problem and will be happy to help you. Let's see what I can do
May I put your call on hold while I am checking your order?
Please update my PAN and Adhar details
what data plan is activated on my mobile?
What is the time now.
i had given the request to change my house address.
I want to change my bill plan
how are you
is this the way the professional organization work?
five hundred ruppy.
No I don't
I will need you to please fill out an application form. Do you know which of our credit cards you would like to apply for?
What is postpaid?
I'd like to apply for the Gold Shopper card, please.
Could you please confirm?
Please fill in your personal details, occupation, job position, gross annual income and how many years you have been in your current position.
You should deposit at least Rs. 500/- if you need cheque book, you have to maintain a minimum balance of Rs. 1000/-.
Thank you. I will make photocopies of your ID and be right back.
Hi, you've called Swish Bank, how may I help you?
should i pay more for roaming reactivation
I want to make my customer happy
Can you plz provide your name and details?
How do I check my remaining internet data balance?
Okay, now let's go ahead and fix your details. Would you like to change the most disturbing childhood memory on our records?
Please send me hardcopy of duplicate bill
It's a new residential area
That has been corrected sir. I have replaced your surname
is it a good time to discuss the issue?
I am facing this problem from last 3 days.
what is your branch of the account you are holding with?
What are the documents required?
what is the minimum balance required to open saving bank account
What is the status of my data balance recharge?
how much is the rate of interest on saving bank account
please tell me the procedure of opening PPF account
What does the Bank Credit Card Welcome Kit comprise?
i am unable to make or receive calls
what is sea color?
What a fantastic shot it is !
I have not received my phone bill from last two months.
Please wait
send me saving account statement for August 2017.
what are your hobbies?
What is your name
I wan to update my address  in the portal
I like you
I want to get my sim recharged with new plan
Everyone ran fast.
I am facing internet speed issue
i am getting a system error page
Please activate 3g services on my mobile number
Does the service store my Bill and payment details for future reference?
You can redeem the points at any petrol station in the country. You get a free liter of petrol for every 100 points.
How can i complaint regarding my low network issue
How to generate a PIN through Phone Banking (IVR)?
What is the usage of my data for August month
How is the weather today?
I am doing good today.
I have not received my this month bill.
I want to replace my sim
wHAT IS MY BANK BALANCE
Very good transulator
Is it working
What is my account balance?
I want a cheque book.
I want a new cheque book.
Maturity Value of fixed deposit ?
I would like to open account for my kids.  Please advise the process
i have a T460 thinkpad .
Please deactivate my SIM
Is my handset is eligible for 4G?
This is the world's smallest surgical robot 'Varsius'
what is the procedure to open an account?
I need to update my address
what is the benefits of an current accounts ?
i want details about international roaming
Why is the internet connectivity intermittent
What movie can you watch over and over without ever getting tired of?
Sachin is the best batsman in the history of cricket
What is time limit of bill payement.
Is there any special package for me?
I want to apply for new cheque book
What are the benifts of other plans?
I am fighting shy of going with him.
What was the last photo you took?
Thank you for staying on the call
Please tell your activated Tariff Plan?
What are the sms charges in local?
What is the minimum balance that is required to be maintained in the account?
A bank issues a demand draft to a client
Unable to extract mini statement from ATM.
as they are payable when presented by sight to the bank
How do I cancel one of the lines on my Family Share Plan?
Hi, you've called ABC Bank, how may I help you?
What is your name?
what is the commission charges for making a demand draft amounting Rs 5000/- through account
I am getting error in audit
I want to buy a better data plan
Are there any extra charges required to do National MNP?
Is there anything I can do to help you?
WHICH TEAM DO U WORK
Not yet. Could you please give me more information about the cards available?
Happy people plan actions, they don't plan results
I want to know the status of my bill plan change request
The Platinum flyer card has a higher interest rate of 19% per annum.
I want to know the various plans available
can u activate roaming facility in my mobile from today
I want to know my data balance
Do you have identification with you?
Today is rainy day
OK. Thank you, have a good day.
I'm a customer of your bank and I have some errors on my account details.
That's fine, I am just going to have ask some security questions to verify you are the account holder. Date of birth?
what is the total balance in my account
It's bank policy not to accept fictitious addresses
Your wife's security pin id
I'm sorry that's not right
Can you please help me
I was charged too muc amount in my bill
I have forgotten my password
How can we can send email.
Can I use my saving account for standing instruction?
How can i withdraw my Fixed Deposit amount
How can I update my Aadhar card number
please dial after some time
Is my signature is required
Cake or pie?
What are the features available on Mobile Phone Backup service?
How many members are there in your team?
How do I use my credit card?
What can I watch through mobile TV ?
What is the procedure for STD/ISD locking.
How it is different from Mobile TV?
What kind of entertainment can I find on Hello TV?
How can I recharge my pre-paid account?
Can I surf internet while taking lecture through tele-education?
How do I know my call charges?
Do I need to pay roaming charges during National MNP?
I want to convert a transaction into EMI. What are the EMI tenure options available?
Will application work if I have not submitted registration form?
How can I edit my profile information?
What is the maximum and minimum limit that can be kept on credit card?
What are the National Roaming charges?
Can I receive the ATM PIN through SMS facility?
I do not hold any credit card with ICICI Bank, however, I'm receiving SMS/E-mail alerts regarding credit card on my mobile number/e-mail ID. Whom should I approach?
Are there any charges for the Priority Pass?
How can I Use International Roaming service?
My number has got barred, I am not able to use the “Free Call” anymore what to do?
What if I am traveling with a colleague who isn't a member of Priority Pass?
What is the character count for billing/ charging of any SMS?
How can I Connect with your Wi-Fi hotspots?
Where can the ICICI Bank Coral Contactless Credit Card be used?
Can I pay my bills online?
Membership of Frequent Flyer programme gets a customer into airport lounges. So why do I need a Priority Pass?
Most questions can be answered quickly when brought to our attention.
I want to change the tariff plan for my number.
I want to activate Bhumro Bhumro song on my phone.
I want any pack which gives me 1000 STD minutes.
How can I restrict withdraw amount for my saving account
Where can I find the list of participating Banks for IMPS payment?
What happens in the case of a disputed card transaction on my credit card?
What is the meaning of Credit?
Can I transfer my post paid number to a pre paid number?
How long will it take for the provider to change?
What is the meaning of sales?
How to apply Internet banking?
How to track my phone as it has got stolen?
How to add security questions in Internet banking?
How to reset your Internet banking login password?
I have still not received my refund
I have trouble with my District desk phone?
Internet Banking offers you the ease and convenience of transacting in an environment you feel most comfortable with.
I am not happy with your bank services
What are fixed or time deposits?
Please deactivate my account.
what is prepaid plan
What is my Credit card bill for last month.
I want that credit card payment should be picked from home address in cash
How you spent your yesterday
Can we do a meeting in cafeteria
what do you do?
How can I help you ?
what is the download charges in 3G without internet pack?
my bill amount is incorrect
I want to temporarily suspend my current service?
I only depends on myself.
my bill account is incorrect
Hindi is national language of India
I am transferring your call.
How could I help you ?
Where are you going ?
what is my data balance
I want a cheque book
I want to deactivate 3G services on my number?
What is the tariff of call on this number
what is the charge for duplicate bill.
In case you are not a Jio Prime member, you need to pay Rs. 99 as a one time membership fee for Jio prime and can recharge with any of the above plans.
my bill amount is incorrect
What are new plans launched by Jio?
can you tell me that why my cellphone is not taking charging properly with powerbank
How do i get a duplicate bill?
How can I change my default Language?
How i can get the same mobile number which i have lost?
Activation of the services happens within 72hrs of order delivery from online shop and document collection from customer.
i want to change my bill plan
what is my previous request status?
What did you have for dinner ?
Please deactivate roaming on this number.
I want to change my permanent address.
I want to replace my sim card
What is the rate of interest that I will earn on the balance in my Savings Account?
can you help me to change my contact address in your record?
How is the average monthly balance (AMB) calculated?
what are the various data card plans?
I am having Network issue.
My Bill Amount is incorrect
My Credit Card Bill is incorrect
What are the ISD call Rates
I want to recharge my DTH.
I want a cheque book
Today is friday.
What is your name?
How to know my call charges?
How may I help you today.
What is the current home loan interest rate for senior citizens?
I am not able to make or receive calls from my phone because of poor network.
tum bhi na yaar
Can you please send the executive to mentioned address for review and correction. Thanks a lot !
Which operator mobile you are using
My bill amount is incorrect
I want a statement of my recent transactions on my savings account
Can I get details about the plan?
how does floating and fixed interest rate differ?
How to receive my phone bill to my permanent address?
What are the international roaming call charges?
i am from delhi
when is the Maturity date of my fixed deposit
I dont receive miss call alerts.
I have to cancel my leave due to some critical delivery for the client.
How to check internet speed?
When does Reliance Jio commercially launch? When will I be able to get a Jio SIM card and from where?
Can I change my post paid plan to some corporate plan?
What is my name
“Hello! My name is Victoria Washington and I’m calling for IBM International products. May I please talk to Michelle Shaw?
The network fluctuates when I move my phone from the hall to the kitchen and sometimes it will disconnect. Please help me fix this issue.
you are very special to us
All our representative are busy right now, please be on the line.
I need to update my phone number of my account.
What are my call charges?
I want to replace my existing sim with 4G.
Please activate roaming plan on my number .
My sweet Home
I have not received any confirmation from you end regarding mobile number portability. Please let me know when it will be done.
What  the outgoing call charges in Roaming?
I am facing issue in my bill from last two month and it seems my bill amount is wrong. Can you please check and advise?
May I please speak with you
May I please confirm that you are the Credit card account holder
I want to stop payment of the cheque i issued
i want to set new ATM pin, can you help me with that.
What are SMS Plans ?
What all plans are available for Mobile data
I want to change my number
Issue an add on card for my spouse
How much time it will take to resolve my problem
When does the beneficiary get the credit for a NEFT payment?
If an NEFT transaction is not credited to a beneficiary account, does the Remitter get back the money?
I am going to shimla.
is it mandatory to have savings account to get a locker?
I am a good singer.
I hope I was able to solve all your issues.
thank for your help and support
please explain the Bill summary
Where can I apply for the renewal of my Driving License?
How can I get information related to my data plan?
how do you write your name in hindi
Do you have any address proof of your new address?
Is it possible to make demand draft from net banking?
What do I tell them?
I want to deactivate my SIM because am unhappy with your service
I have done the re-charge yesterday, but its not reflecting in the balance.
Where do I register for this service
what amount of loan you want to apply for?
i want to activate my SIM
what is the loan interest rate?
Do you want to deactivate the sim card?
From where i can collect demand draft
Is my demand draft will be delivered to my address?
You should open a saving account for you future.
what is the procedure to open a new bank account?
will open network help me to get cheaper call rate
Do you like reading story books?
when national mnp launched
Hello, Good Morning. I want to change my billing address.
Is mobile banking related VALUE ADDED SERVICE available on my mobile number?
As I can see your request submitted on the system, I will deactivate the pack rightaway
I had already made a mistake
I want to know the existing plans for my mobile number
I want to know what is the existing plan and charges to my number
what is Coverage Problem?
what if i give negative feedback?
Is my roming activated?
please change my number language
i want to deactivate roaming plan for my number
why late fee?
what is the procedure to know customer details
how to check status of data billing
what is Data Service?
i will not say anyboday that you gave me the details of customer
how to deactivate promotional schemes
why was refund not successful?
what is the tariff for data card
you can identify my voice very easily
what is Bill Amount?
where to get detail bills
you can recharge from app
what is the cost of sim
how to activate network
Please install internet explorer to browse applicaton
Plesae check setting to browse
what is Confirm Tariff Change?
how to check status of ale alerts
how to check satatus of Value Added Service?
what is Statement Of Account?
Please explain bill plan.
1. Click on the link below.
2. If you know the security question, press 2 on the dial pad.
where were you ?
How to call from lync
However my secondary balance shows as 100rs.
How much is my internet data balance
My data card is not working
I want yearly statement of my bank account
Do I require any documents for conversion of last credit card transaction into EMI, or it is on simple request-basis?
How do I link my Aadhar card to my phone number?
What security will I have to provide for home loan?
What is a Caller Tune?
Where is my welcome kit ?
If I need any further Account related information, how do I get such details?
What are different kinds of Fund Transfers that I can do on the site?
Tell me more about Credit Card statements that I will be able to see on the site?
{Multiple Fixed Deposit} Check Fixed Deposit balance
Is there any limit on the amount to order a demand draft?
I'm sorry, can you hear me OK now? I was asking you, about your Phone or Account Number?
I'm really sorry for the inconvenience, I would probably feel the same way if I'm in your situation.
Got it, may I please verify the name on the account?
Thank you so much for all of the information.
Your Credit Card Account is now frozen.
You're very much welcome!
I want to request a new ATM card.
I want to stop the cheque from getting processed.
I want to check my account balance ending with 3456.
How can i deactivate message service on my registered mobile number?
What is my Credit card bill for last 3 month?
Is there a time limit on making a complaint?
Is this process confidential?
What if Complaint can't help?
its not free
What date will you be traveling?
What happens to customer's prepaid balance when customer moves to postpaid via national MNP?
How to pay bills through Internet banking?
What is Watson?
What is Blue Prism?
i just bought car today
Can you please tell me the balance in my savings account 12345678.
going to buy new car
I have a long standing relationship with your bank, what discount i will get while availing for locker service with your bank ?
i want to deactivate value add service on  my mobile number
I do not want locker service anymore.
I have not received my welcome kit?
I did it today
I have completed my work
please stop payment towards my cheque
I want to change my plan
what is your qualification
where are you working ?
I want to activate the Caller Tunes for 12 months on my number.
What do I have to pay for changing the Caller Tunes?
Your sim will be activated in few hours.
there is a promotional offer for 0% interest for the first 12 months on balance transfers.
How will I receive the interest amount?
Is there any offer on 6 months subscription of Caller Tunes?
Please will you deliver Demand draft at home?
I have requested for SIM deactivation but still it is not done
how to get a student visa for canada from India?
Can I change the caller tune through SMS?
How much time it would take to get SIM activated
I want to block my debit card.
Just dial *191# and get info on balance deductions
My name is Watson.
Just dial *191# and get info on tariffs and any special vouchers on your number
I am not getting the Network signals to my mobile in my house even though the Network tower is near to my house
Hindi is one of the seven Indian languages that can be used to make web URLs.
Since 1975, World Hindi Conference has been organised in different countries like India, Mauritius, United Kingdom, Trinidad and Tobago, United States etc.
can i do sim activation with app ?
I have activated roaming package but still i am charging for roaming? why?
Can i view new activated sim in APP ?
What is my current balance in my sim account
How can i upgrade the recharge amount?
how much time will it take ?
what is my data usage for last month
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Anjana, How may I assist you?
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Anchal, How may I assist you?
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Aditya, How may I assist you?
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Abhas, How may I assist you?
How to get a new credit card?
When I used my debit card, cash was taken back by the machine.
you will receive timely alerts via sms on the mobile number stated on your application form
Hello and thank you for visiting att.com today! How may I help you?
We'll also be gaming and downloading files.
My address is this.
I have a Mi MAX 2 mobile.
We do offer AT&T U-verse High Speed Internet Pro for $37/month for 12 months plus taxes, surcharges, and usage.
Our Wireless Gateway is dual-band and is capable of using G and N frequencies.
To answer your question, that would actually depend ion the video you are viewing.
What is the annual fee of my credit card?
How does that sound?
I am going to market.
are you 100% correct
ï»¿What are Inactive and Dormant accounts
Can I get a cab to this area?
What was my bill in the month of last march?
I completed my dream
I am not receiving any mobile tower network in my area.
I want to know more about 4g data plans
My Idea mobile app is not opening.
what are the services activated on my number?
How can i do for you?
Where is capital of india?
Why money is deducted from my account?
On the next web page, you can verify and click on "Confirm" tab to confirm the stop payment request.
I want to pay my phone bill
I want to take loan from bank?
I want to change my Bill plan
What are benefits of salary account?
What are the different ways you can operate account?
Will I still be sent a physical bill?
There are no outstanding payments due from the subscriber by way of pending bill or bills
What username and password should I use to login?
i want to know my banking detail
i want to stop my loan
i want a new passbook
i want a new passbook
i want to change my study loan detail
Whom much is my balance
my team have 33 team members
my country is great.
I have taken a internet offer using mobile application but its not activated till this moment.
How to change my data plan?
I will ask my Network signal team to help this sort out for you on priority. For your reference this is the ticket number XXXX.
What is my tariff plan
Call quality is very poor from last few days
My email id is wrong
My data plan automatically changed to other plan without any notification
Can I make payments using BillPay from another city?
What is the process of associating my Aadhar card with my bank account?
How can i get a check book from the bank?
Today is Monday
Maturity date of fixed deposit
i want to change my billing address.
What is the tariff of 540 plan ?
Do evil & look for like.
will rent agreement be accepted as address proof?
Pure gold does not fear the flame.
Send me my credit card statement for this year?
May i talk to your floor manager.
what is my bill amount
What is my current tariff plan.
how can i help you.
How can I get the current activated plan details?
What is the process to pay online bills?
What are the current available offers on my number?
I am Unable to Browse
I want to get 3G activated.
I am having a coverage problem in my area.
What does it mean to be “pre-approved” for a credit card?
Please email me this month's bill.
Please enable DND services on My Mobile Bill Plan
What are the Value Added Services activated on my SIM card
Maturity date of fixed deposit
Reduce cost to collect
what is the maturity date of my loan
I have been facing some problem in Network coverage
Please let me know if there is any special offer.
May I have some information from you for better assistance?
Sir May I know your register  Mobile number/ job id number?
will you please self attest these photocopies?
Differentiate between GSM and CDMA
I did not receive the Refund Amount
yes sure, its A block, DDA Colony, New Delhi
i want Sim Replacement
your current plan is of 399
What is the procedure for closing my number
how much balance in my account?
Can I port my number from one operator to another network operator of different state?
I want to apply credit card.
What will be my credit card limit?
I want a cheque book
Please update my permanent address.
What is my communication address?
I want to add nominee for my bank account.
From where, i can get my cheque book?
i need blank demand draft
i have some doubt in my debt card receipt
Will the itemized billing contain information for my local calls?
Will the itemized billing contain information for international calls?
My bill amount is incorrect .
The company has submitted a bid
What is the last payment date on my tractor loan?
What is the last payment date on my tractor loan?
i got the message that  my data plan limit of 1 GB is exhausted, Can you increase it to additional 1 GB and let me know the extra cost .
What is the last payment date on my home loan?
I will not have lunch today.
What will be the locking period for the PPF account?
Which all documents are required for the number portability?
What is my CRN number?
What should I do to convert my savings bank account to ordinary resident account ?
Bank website does not allow me to create fixed deposits
what is my due amount?
deactivate my value added services.
When do you prefer to watch a movie?
do i have any outstanding amount to be paid?
Any other reason?
I got a sms saying my savings account is debited with Rs1200 as some charges, what is this charge for?
Please tell me the  Procedure to check Balance
documents required for SIM exchange?
HOW MUCH IS PENDING BALANCE FOR THIS MONTH
What do you feed him?
I want to know why this service is activated?
anything more required?
Nothing required, Thank you
MY OUTGOING CALLS IS WAY HIGH IS THERE ANYTHING YOU CAN DO
WHY MY BILL IS SO HIGH
my name is watson
How are you?
I forgot my password
Are You a New Customer
Any message, voice or SMS sent to mobile / land-line users informing about, or soliciting or promoting any commercial products or services
What are Transactional Messages?
Mobile network is banned due to jammer in my building
What can I do with the reward points?
Can i temporarily stop my monthly EMI payments?
what was your bill amount in previous months
To be eligible for Friends & Family, you must currently have a Nationwide plan
Bandwidth is the range of Frequencies
I want to log complaint regarding excessive mobile bill amount.
Hello, I am Chandan Singh, and I need to join in to my family plan for the services you are providing to my Mobile Connection.
Is there any tax obligation?
I have taken an OD facility against my NRE/ NRO/ FCNR FD. Can I deposit the Cash in the Overdraft account?
Is there any restriction on usage of Debit/Credit card or Internet Banking transfers?
What happens if I pay more than the total amount due on my credit card?
Can I make a part payment for a bill?
What is the tenure of Fixed Deposit?
what is the full form of DNA
what is the full form of RNA
Which all other operators in India provide 3G services ?
My mobile number is not working now and unable to do receive incoming and outgoing calls, How could I Activate my number?
I want to make a change to my subscription pack?
What is your account number
Is 3G coverage available in rural areas ?
Is there any tax obligation?
Is there any formal approval required for using the PIS facility from the Designated Bank?
I want to book an appointment
I am a foreign tourist in India, I have these notes. What should I do?
Hello This is Ankit from ADM Team
My bill amount is incorrect.
My data plan was changed last week, but still it is not activated.
Please give me duplicate bill of my credit card for moth of July
Please activate news service on my mobile number
You have selected an incorrect option.
What are the documents required to open a new account?
I did not receive my phone bill for this month
I want to change my billing address
how do I turn on airplane mode?
My direct deposit is not showing up in my account, and I need money. Is there somebody who can help me clear up this situation with the bank?
How will I get my Social Security check?
The first rule of my speaking is: listen!
If my local bank branch was destroyed, is my money still insured?
I need financing until insurance checks come in and I can find another job. Will banks help?
What is Safe Custody?
The Equated Monthly Instalment (EMI) amount will be billed to the credit card every month on the same date as the first instalment date.
On availing the EMI facility the reward points if any that have been accrued on the Original transaction shall be reversed.
I am an Add-on card holder, can I book BT on my card?
I have recently updated my address, can I redeem my reward points?
Within how many days will I get the cheque for BT amount that I have booked?
Can I book BT on EMI on my SBI Card for my friends' or relatives' credit cards from other banks?
For which cards can I avail BT on EMI?
How will the amount of BT on EMI booked be transferred?
I have recently changed my address; can I book BT on EMI?
Can I convert all my card transactions into Flexipay?
How will the amount of BT on EMI booked be transferred?
How do I know how much Flexipay amount I can book?
I am an add-on cardholder. Can I book Flexipay on my card?
How  are you.
I want to open a new account
I want to become a good man.
he plays baseball everyday
do you love me.
Can you explain me my bill.
Have you received my payment yesterday.
how may i help you
i want duplicate sim card.
what is my balance
seems like working.
I want to activate my online banking.
Will I get a confirmation on successful transaction?
How do I change / update my email id/Land Line/mobile Number?
How does my salary influence my Personal loan amount?
I want new connection.
What are your 3 favorite movies?
Open Network is a bold new initiative by us to build a better network.
for verification , can you please let me know you alternative phone number
If you could eat only 3 foods for the rest of your life, what would they be?
what are the charges for sms on Roaming ?
what would you like to change in your bill plan
How can I setup or access Voicemail?
Voicemail can be accessed by dialling 141 or 101 from your handset, or opening your phone contacts and calling “Voicemail”.
I want  to buy new number
Where can I buy a Network Extender?
No. There are no additional costs to use the Network Extender.
How can I check my settings?
I want  to activate e-billing
How can I activate a data pack?
can you call us back in 1 hour
Your complaint will be resolved by max 48 hours
What do I do if I have finished my regular pack and I still want to enjoy browsing without getting charged ?
we will be sending you the configuration settings and you need to accept those settings.
Do I need to configure any special settings on my phone to use 3G?
Which mobile are you using ?
What do you like in food?
Thank you for calling
i want to change my current account detail
your service is quiet bad when it comes to customer
i want to define new balance transfer every week
lets get a coffee sometime
I'll be glad to help you. May I please get your Bank Account number and the Name on the Account?
My ATM card is not working.
Requested a broadband connection. Security deposit and all paid. Its been two months now. No connection given
For how many days Top up recharges are valid?
I want to change my billing plan
How is your day today?
Yes, you can cancel the porting request within 24 hours of submitting the porting request to Recipient Operator / new Mobile operator.
I would like to make a Donation online.
What is account holder name.
Kindly provide the area or pincode of new billing address.
Your current recharge provides you with calling and messaging facilities only.
I want to change the Caller Tunes on my number
I had not yet received my debit card, please help
Can you please tell me the fixed deposit rates?
Do Senior citizens get any extra benefit on the Fds?
Deactivate messaging services on my number
My phone number is incorrect
I've forgotten my Internet banking password
Can I transfer my previous month's remaining data balance in the next month?
Please activate international roaming and ISD facility on my mobile number
After coming back from UK, do I need to call customer care for deactivate of international roaming and ISD?
Which data plan would you suggest? What are the features?
Is it possible to change the email address of the bill being delivered to.
I made the payment for my Mobile phone online,however I did not get a confirmation receipt
Let me know some of good corporate plan for IBM employer.
How many listings are required to start selling?
Who takes care of the delivery of my products?
How to port mobile number?
If I were your supervisor and asked you to do something that you disagreed with, what would you do?
Nothing is Impossible
Hello, How may I help you today ?
Please share the details.
Which plan do you want to opt for?
How much are you expecting?
Total bill amount is RS 10,000.Thank you.
In which area your branch is located ?
Locker is not available in your home branch.
What is the last payment date of loan account ending with 2316 ?
What is the balance of savings account ending with 5946 ?
What should I do now ? hello sir, I think you should visit a customer care center.
you forgot me
i want to check my bill statement
I want e bill
How many days in a week?
What are the new plans for prepaid
What are the new plans for data card
I have received a defective product and need refund for it
What is my plan
Could you please tick the box stating that you know and accept this? Thank you.
what are your hobbies ?
Is it raining ? We haven’t seen him since we came here.
How would you like to pay?
What time is it?
What would you like to eat?
Greetings of the day
Please reactivate my data plan
Voice Quality is very poor right now
When will I be charged late payment fees and how much?
What happens if you are unable to deliver the item?
Can I change the items I have selected if the Rewards Points being redeemed are the same?
Do I need to register again for availing the online reward redemption?
Are there any charges associated with the reward point redemption process?
How can I cancel the order I have placed?
What is Balance Transfer (BT)?
I have recently updated my address, can I redeem my reward points?
How can I book BT?
What is points + pay option?
Can I book BT on EMI on my SBI Card for my friends' or relatives' credit cards from other banks?
Within how many days will I get the cheque for BT amount that I have booked?
I have already taken BT for the amount that I was eligible for. Now I want to book another BT, how can I do it?
How can I book BT?
For which cards can I avail BT on EMI?
How will the amount of BT on EMI booked be transferred?
Can I book BT on EMI on my Add-on card?
Can I book BT on EMI on my SBI Card for my friends' or relatives' credit cards from other banks?
What is Flexipay?
Can you tell me how much balance is remaining on my data plan.
Can I book BT on EMI on my SBI Card for my friends' or relatives' credit cards from other banks?
how to fill the form
What is the interest rate applicable for Encash?
What is the minimum and maximum booking amount for Encash?
How will the Encash amount be disbursed to me?
What is your name ?
How many child do you have.
she saved a hundred dollars
When will I be charged late payment fees and how much?
How many languages do you support?
what is the exact output of this program
learn meditation
I am not satisfied with the solution
Can I repay my home loan in cash
Does taking a home loan mean I cannot take another loan?
I know various languages
How can change my nominee name?
Triple Play services
I want to change my billing cycle.
Every child must study.
sanskrit is the best language for software development
is there any health insurance policy under for the above 60 age ?
if any, on the rate applicable on the date of the deposit for the period for which the deposit has run or the contracted rate whichever is lower.
how to reduce the pollution problems
I have a network issue at my area
What is Globalisation .?
i am a good learner
Can I get my passport in 15 days
If there’s life, then there’s the world.
to make an even deal.
as the case may be, in accordance with the rate fixed by the Bank from time to time as also directives issued by RBI.
Our company is offering you huge discounts on purchase of cloud device
I need a repayment schedule for my home loan
i like you
you are a stupid
rest in peice
Click the Edit button at the bottom of the page.
Input your new address beneath the heading "Enter Your New Address"
What are the plans available for Easy Money?
Who/ what is Card protection plan?
Who qualifies as a Non-Resident Indian (NRI)?
ok. now showing to wait for 15 min
Where is your house
sir/madam can i put your call on hold.
i will transfer your call to my senior manger, please be on call
Incorrect amount applied to my card, please check
For information in Hindi press other number
there are many telecom operators available in India.
Please wait for a moment
How many days will it take to receive my new PIN.
what is my bill amount
India's prime minister is modi.
how much warranty is left for this mobile ?
For Postpaid:“Any SMS usage beyond 3000 SMS per month will be charged at standard rates”.
Why I am not getting enough internet speed being a 4g user
Last month bill is not received till now.
For Prepaid: TRAI Regulation states that only up to 100 SMS per number per day can be charged at concessional rates, (if the customer has an SMS discounting offer).
Can  i register my mobile number  online for my banking user id
My Sim got block, please help me to unlock it
Idea also has a strong network of Service Centres including My Idea, Idea Points and Idea Service Points where you can get instant, over the counter assistance.
could you provide me any details about my flight tickets.
How many free ATM transactions are permitted every month at Bank and other banks' domestic ATM networks?
How do I add/delete a payee in Mobile Banking?
what is the time limit to enter the Otp?
I want to know my KYC document submitted for my account
My Data Balance is over
I want to change my Calling Plan
What are the STD call Rates
i dont have proper network in bowenpally area
i dont have proper network in chappal bazaar area
my bill amount is incorrect
How to activate caller tune?
I want to change language on my phone.
How much discount do you offer?
What are the charges for caller tune?
how to block an ATM card ?
I need to withdraw some cash and I have to make a check/cheque.
Your call is recorded for training purpose
I am fine Thank you
How can i get my balance enquiry ?
Could you tell me about the various promotional offers
Can you deactivate my account
I want a demand draft of rs. 2000.
please complete the verification process for my number
What is the cut off time for entering payments?
i need to activate my 4 G service.
Is there a nomination facility?
What is Do Not Disturb?
I got defective product.
What is the process of deactivating DND Service
What is my data balance.
Please change my bill plan from 299 to 399 rupees and moreover with more data plan
Watson is accurate and fast from others.
Got it, thanks! I believe that you've been with our  Speed Internet for quite a while now.
Thanks Miss. Brown, and Again, my name is TAYLOR, Thank you for choosing IBM services! Enjoy the rest of your day!
can I know the status for my train ticket?
You got me there! Well, I'm sorry, just had to ask that, since, I really love dancing while I'm playing it every morning!
But, going back on your card, let me also ask you for your Mother's Maiden Name?
can you please let me know your locality.
please provide your details so that we can help you better
please explain my bill charges
wow this is great process
I am redirecting your call to my senior officers
we should keep our promise
what are other schemes for tax saving other than 80C
You have reached your time limit please provide some inputs .
My child has activated Value Additional Service mistakenly, please deactivate this for my number.
I want to reopen a closed complaint number
My Data usage is wrong
are you satisfied with my conversation ?
Sir your Data usage is high due to downloads
We are offering a special plan for you.
I need to know my itemized bill.
Hi Watson , I would like to Set up pin number for my new ATM Debit card.
What about dancing?
May i have your name please
Is it possible to open a locker in your account
Do you prefer to watch in a movie-hall or on your home theater system?
I need to open child account in your bank
sure, your last month bill was three thousand rupees
How do i get internet settings on my phone?
What should I do if i lost my checkbook?
I want to change my language settings.
I wish to know the status of my amount refund.
inconvenience is regretted
How to connect mobile phone to wifi hotspot?
I want to know the details of my last 5 transactions
are you okay with this?
How will I plan my career
How do I get my PUK number?
Yes alll my wires are plugged in correctly.
You want to know about the new offers on your number?
What are the kind of call plans available?
6. What was my last month's credit card bill.
I have not received my mobile bill. Please send asap.
you are very beautiful..!!
that's it for the day...!!
Please provide details of tariff changes
Do I have to pay for using Call Centre services?
Please reload my data pack
All Bank customers and the general public.
DND cannot block your bank SMS alerts
Does your bank offers any insurance for valuables in lockers.
What are the details of my loan account?
What are the documents to be submitted along with ICICI Bank Insta Credit Card application form?
Where can I find credit card number?
How do I know if the â€˜ICICI Bank Credit Cards Experience' programme is applicable on my card?
What is the validity period of credit card
With Friends & Family plan, does each line on my account get its own list of Friends & Family numbers?
Can I use the same ATM PIN for both Primary and Addon credit card?
I have some urgent work at home today.
Will I need a phone with Internet / GPRS connection on it?
What is the color of my car
What are Inactive and Dormant accounts?
My Internet Banking password is not working, it seems to be blocked.
If you are a pre-paid customers, all your balances (Voice calls, SMS & Data) will be lapsed and cannot be forwarded to new mobile operator.
when can I call you back.
I want to check the status of my payment
I want to do video call
You would need to turn off my computer.
what are you doing watson ?
I want to apply for a new Vodafone Mobile Connection
How can I link aadhar card to phone number?
I want to change my bill plan
were are you going?
How can I explore new Plans & Offers?
I want to place a standing instruction on my credit card?
Kindly speak your full name.
i want a duplicate bill for last month
How do I subscribe for International Roaming?
i have not received my bills.
How to unsubscribe from International Roaming?
How to request for a new sim ?
Is it possible to sent a new simcard on my home address
How can I calculate shrinkage at my contact center
Deactivate my additional services
What is shrinkage
How do I register for DTH/Prepaid mobile recharge?
playing blue whale game is strictly prohibited.
what is the tariff for ISD call?
The drums sound better at a distance
WHAT IS YOUR NAME
How to apply for new sim
can my credit limit be increased on my credit card
How am I billed for my calls ?
What do i get with the card ?
Where can I make request to port ?
What is the discount for subscribers who enable bill auto pay for every month?
What are the requirements for getting USA work visa
what is my data balance.
what have you learnt so far in hindi can you please tell me
what is the fixed deposit interest rate
I am getting message "invalid userid and password combination"
Where we are going today?
I am going to home tomorrow.
i want to port my number.
Can I make STD call without “0” and “+91”?
bollywood movies are very entertaining
How long does it usually take to get the change of address done?
I want to change my bill plan.
Enter the 3 digit CVV number printed on the back side of the card near the signature panel
Please help to stop all the services on my number.
A One Time Password (OTP) will be sent to your registered mobile number
what is my bill amount
I am not feeling good today.
i will call you tomorrow
How can I transfer some funds from 1 account to another.
My Laptop keys are out of order.
lets go for a movie today.
How can I link credit card to my savings account ?
I want to check your nearest service center. Please advise?
I like your watch.
Choose ‘Generate PIN’, enter the details and generate PIN.
I want to know my saving account balance.
do you have my contact number
how may i help you?
Thanks for calling.
How to change my address
What is the procedure for claim settlement in case of deceased accounts, if nomination has been registered?
The entire EMI amount will be included in calculation of Minimum Amount Due payable by the cardholder.
The cancellation will not be automated
Can I speak to Mr. Mathur please?
I do cash allocations everyday
i do not want to continue this service anymore
Lockers can be hired by individuals, limited companies, associations and trusts.
Can you please give me the balance of my Current account as Net banking is not working at my location.
I love corporate working
Can you please deactivate the previous plan
My internet is working very slow after changing my Plan.
What would be ISD call rate for my Plan?
i want to check how my Watson is working.
My OTP is not working
to start and stop any service press 1
what is the minimum amount to open Fixed deposit account?
How can I Activate/Deactivate any VAS?
How could we manage timesheet
Your service request has been successfully created.
God is omnipresent
When I will get my debit card ?
What I need to do after I receive my credit card ?
What I need to do after I receive my cheque book ?
I want to activate friend plan on my mobile number
Tell me the procedure to unlink family plan on my mobile number
What is the procedure to convert credit card spend to EMI ?
What is status of my request of port out of my mobile number ?
Do I need to submit fresh documents to upgrade to 4G
Can I set up Standing Instruction on Debit Card for all types of biller?
We are happy to inform you that you do not need to submit any Documents to upgrade to 4G
I am not able to do credit card payment from ATM
What is the time taken to realize outstation cheques
can i keep your call on hold?
You can open at Pilani. We have branch there.
I want to know the maturity value of my fixed deposit
I need to speak to your supervisor, as I am not happy with the way my issue has been handled so far
I am unable to activate the DND services from the website. Can you help me do the same?
What are the best plans available currently
I have paid my bill but amount is not credited to my account. Could you tell me when it will be credited to my account.
who wants to kill you
I want to change my address.
I want to understand my current usage charges
What are the National Roaming charges?
Can I call Customer Care while roaming internationally?
What data usage rate will I be charged?
How do I change/modify my account details?
I wish to deactivate the fund transfer facility
What is the spending limit of a credit card?
It is mandatory to join the bridge
We can get the technical team to help rectify the problem.
Do you want any other information regarding this subject?
What is the current balance outstanding on my loan
I am unable to open my email
What is the content of next sprint ?
You are logged in to this secure domain, but do not have the correct permissions to access the resource.
Rock art engravings found in Goa exhibit the earliest traces of human life in India
you are in queue
Indians are very fond of street food.
I want to change my caller tune
is this correct
what is you name?
i want to change my address
How can we go ahead
Please go to this link
What is the answer?
Delhi is also the centre of the National Capital Region (NCR), which is a unique 'interstate regional planning' area created by the National Capital Region Planning Board Act of 1985
what is th progress of the task?
Can you please confirm your date of birth.
How are you feeling today?
During the Indian Rebellion of 1857, Delhi fell to the forces of East India Company after a bloody fight known as the Siege of Delhi.
Baby likes base.
Can you please let me know you name?
The DND Flyway (Delhi Noida Direct Flyway) is an eight-laned 9.2 km (5.7 mi) [1] access controlled tolled expressway which connects Delhi to Noida, an industrial suburb area
Please let me know if you need more time
Can you please confirm your email address.
I want to swap my SIM
How old are you?
What do you want to learn.
What is postpaid? I want to know the various plans available
Did Dad make the cake today?
What makes the leaves change color?
yes please
I want to change my password
There is no option to remove current package or additional channels on Airtel DTH web site.
What is my bill cycle?
owner name has been changed
2 How to check my phone is supporting which type of network.
I want to close my account.
What is my current data plan for my mobile
How many languages do you support?
My name is Ratnesh
End is near
can you send me my bill on mail?
i did not get discount in last bill
When this issue will be resolved?
As I can check here .
How long does it take to change my billing account?
there is a loan offer on your account.
Is this an existing issue or a new issue?
How can I search that particular location?
I want to sleep
My account number is incorrect
Could you please suggest the best data plan.
I want to change my postpaid plan.
I have query for my Vodafone number, i have paid by bill on last week but still the same has not been updated yet.
can you help me to improve business skill
recharge is stuck
Hi, This is Ruchi calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Abhinav calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
What will be the monthly cash withdrawal limit
what is your phone number?
what is your address?
what else you know?
I'm tired now.
What is the procedure to open a new account?
What are the charges for National roaming?
In which places within India, can I use the roaming services?
Demand Drafts are good for payment within 6 months from the date of issuance.
How to block debit card
Good Morning, Its a pleasure meeting you
How can I generate or change the 3D Secure PIN for my credit card?
What is the time allowed to pay the bill ?
I require my credit card statements of one year for IT purpose. Whom can I approach?
What is the timeframe for settlement of an excess metering complaint ?
What is BSNL Broadband Service?
What is a splitter? Do I need one?
How can I link/ register my mobile number with my credit card?
What are the services available free of cost along with the connection?
How can I earn points quickly?
Tell the person to your right your favorite thing about them.
Merchant banking in India is governed by SEBI.
what happened to my complaint ?
How many types of animal found in this planet?
How much time will it take for the new sim activation
As per Banking regulation act, holidays are provided in the banks.
what is the procedure to change my billing address
my bill amount is incorrect
What are the charges for activating caller tune
how can i apply demand draft
i want to change my current tariff plan
Please delete my user account
this is wrong plan
what is minimum validity of demand draft
i want to transfer money to my other account
can i talk to your senior regarding this issue
Can i talk to you senior on this bill issue
i want to check my account balance
Please Check Account Balance for my account ending 9090.
Can I use my primary and add-on credit cards for international transactions?
Will autodebit get activated on my credit card automatically if I link my Savings account to my credit card?
I applied for the offer but my transaction did not get through. Now I am unable to avail the offer.
Where can I find an experience specific to my card?
Existing fixed deposit is in joint name. Is this fixed deposit valid for availing ICICI Bank Insta Credit Card?
i want to talk to your senior authority
We undertake to keep sufficient funds in the funding account on the date of execution of the standing instruction.
also known as pay to order
Network down makes an impact on our daily activities
why i have charged more for my data plan.
Aren’t there terrorists among the migrants who arrive
Please confirm your identity
I’m going to put you on hold for a while
What are the different modes of Online Payment
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I help you with anything?
I couldn't find the recharge, I was looking for?
Credit Verification process will be done by accounts department
Right, what can I do for you today?
For more information about [Company Name]
what is the status of my pending case
what are offer available
How do I get my PUK number?
If you are having a bank account.the procedure is very simple.
My bill amount is incorrect
What are the part payment charges for a Home Loan?
What are the part payment charges for a Personal Loan?
What is the late payment penalty on a Tractor Loan?
What is the late payment penalty on a Education Loan?
What is the late payment penalty on Two Wheeler Loan?
How are you
No , I don't want to change.
Its correct
My data balance is 2 GB
what is my name?
I am glad to see you here
I want to change address for my account.
what is your age?
hi all how are you doing today
Fill this form separately
That will be Rs. 160, sir.
Quick Time Computers.
Please switch off your mobile.
dont tempt me,
I am not able to access my net banking account
I hope he is fine.
They keep on doing experiments over there
Be specific.
I want to change my bill plan
where you want to go
How to change the preference?
your password is incorrect
give me some money?
I want to activate international roaming in my number.
What can be my bill this month?
what is last date to pay my bill?
Send me my credit card statement from April 2016?
Can we save debit or credit number in airtel app?
I have network issue in my locality, how can that be fixed.
What is the last payment date on my loan?
i dont know how to change my phone language
i am changing my sim from today
Send my savings account statement on my e-mail ID
i do not want hard copy of the bill
What happens if I don’t submit a printed receipt?
Do you eat green vegetables?
how to check my internet speed
can i use my 4g network for both data and voice
Please call on my mobile number.
how can i opt national mnp
Whom should I call if I have questions regarding the debit card?
why does my phone says sim rejected
My ATM card is not working.
What is Quantum Optima/ auto-sweep/ linked FD?
What if I do not get any confirmation message from the operator on recharge?
Will I get any receipt from the bank for the payment?
How can I login to internet portal?
There is no proper response from your end
What do I do if I forget my mShop Name in future?
How do I change/modify my account details?
What are the prerequisites for Recharge Top-Up facility?
What is a Credit Limit?
How can I check my reward points summary?
Can I pay for Safe Custody charges online?
How can I pay my monthly Credit Card bills?
Within what time will I get the items redeemed against the rewards points?
What are the charges of redemption fee on SBI Card?
Can I add the reward points I have on multiple cards or transfer them from one card account to another?
What are the charges of redemption fee on SBI Card?
How can I cancel the order I have placed?
Can I add the reward points I have on multiple cards or transfer them from one card account to another?
For how long is the gift voucher valid?
I have recently updated my address, can I redeem my reward points?
Can I avail BT on my other SBI Card?
Can I pay my SBI Card outstanding using my Reward Points?
What is Balance Transfer (BT)?
How can I avail BT on EMI service?
Can I book BT on EMI on my other SBI Card?
I have recently changed my address; can I book BT on EMI?
What is the cancellation procedure for BT?
How can I book Flexipay?
What are the different tenures available for booking Flexipay?
Do I need to configure any special settings on my phone to use 3G?
Why demand draft is used?
How can I book Encash?
I love you.
What would you like to eat?
5. I want my bill not more then 550 including Taxes?
What are your views on Donald Trump as the America’s President?
Why don’t we go out visit some old friends this afternoon?
Does your family live in a house or an apartment?
What do your father like?
I want to port my number
Do I have a internet plan on my number
Will Open Network help me get cheaper call rates?
My bill amount is high
Could you please tell me the more offers in 3g
Which technology is used in Bluetooth for avoiding interference?
Is there any discount offer on Family Plan?
what is the status of my request?
क्या मैं अपना ईमेल पता बदल सकता हूं?
how to apply for a debit card?
Tell me about your new plans.
i want to change my phone number
what kind of services your bank is providing?
Give me the Informaton about roaming packs
How much is the roaming charges?
What is my bill amount
we need to search for a new flat
i will call my friend or will  tell to press emergency button.
i want to place in good company what should i do for this
ALL OF A SUDDEN, CLERK LOST HIS TEMPER.
My problem hasn't been solved yet.
what is your name?
What is your name?
please don't teach me anything
Let me take you home.
Thank you for visiting.
She is crying in her room
I'm very busy.
can u tell me about the various data services offered?
My office is in noida
iam unmarried girl , can i take joint home loan with my father ?
how is your day today
Amitabh is my favourite actor
I Have lost my mobile phone. How do I get a replacement SIM card for my spare / new handset?
what is my bill plan?
thank you for calling
How many members do you have in your family?
how can help you
Please deactivate live weather service on my mobile number
Can you help in changing my billing cycle?
If Bank is closed, what will happen to my EMI, will it bounce?
What is the status of my credit card?
Can I keep a track of the payments made by me?
How do I delete a Registered Biller?
Are there any charges for duplicate copy of statements on credit card?
What is the time taken to realize outstation cheques?
How to register a complaint against the vishing call received?
I have update my new address/ mobile number/ email ID in credit card, however, old contact details are reflecting in Payback Card. Please confirm how to update the contact details in Payback card?
How does the Coral Contactless Credit Card work?
Could you please tell me the status of my last recharge
I want a new postpaid connection
I want to change my caller tune.
No, you do not have to pay anything for the plan change, please keep a note of the reference number for future communications.
I want to know the bill amount, to pay on time.
Need to change my callertune from  english to hindi song
Please issue me duplicate sim
What are the benefits of registering for ICICI Bank Internet Banking for rewards programme?
What is the credit limit of my postpaid connection
This is wrong.
What is your dreams ?
How much did you payed for this laptop?
I want to know my current plan details and change the bill plan
Now my address is changed?
What is the status of my account
What is the status of my account
I can provide all
I need my address to be changed soon
I can help you to apply for a credit card today if you like
What are smartpacks
How can i recharge
Which are the payment methods I can use to for postpaid recharges?
Can i recharge through internet
Room should be well ventilated.
Can i do recharge by myself
can i check status of my recharge
what are the charges for international roaming
this is the procedure to recharge your mobile phone
where do you putting up ?
Can I apply for ASBA online ?
Can I prepay the loan?
Are there any penalties?
Where can I use my debit card to inquire about account balances, transfer funds or withdraw cash from my account?
What is a digital wallet?
I want to change my mailing address for bill.
Tit for tat.
can you please share customer call center number?
Why don’t you take some time out and rest?
Who are you
Thank you for all the information. Have a nice day.
How can I help you today
Why was my credit/debit card declined?
i have  one  query regarding recharge
Last, but not the least, may I please verify your complete Billing Address?
I have it, go ahead!
How do I know that a particular amount has been paid?
What is my current month bill amount
unhappy with the internet speed
Whom do I contact, if I require any support?
I’d like to apply for the Gold Shopper card, please.
Here is your demand draft of Rs. 2000 .
How to generate Credit Card PIN through ATM?
How to block your credit card?
i have paid the bill.
Could you please give me more information about the cards available?
What is the process of activating DND Service?
what is the process for complaint handling of DND?
How do I order a cheque book on my account?
How can i recharge my account?
Which documents are required to change my billing address ?
What changes can be done in billing address without documents ?
I am getting extra bill on my number.
I want to know my bill plan.
i want to get a personal loan
What is the interest rate on personal loan?
Is pan card mandatory for opening an account?
i want my new password
Can you please confirm the tariff change for my number ?
according to data IBM offers a good salary to employee
could you please tell me debit credit rules of accounting
i want to change my account detail
my weight is 56 kg
does the fan work
please note my mobile number
What is your current data plan?
Please activate live cricket score on my mobile number
my office is in gurgaon
I want to temporary suspend my family plan
Watson is awesome technology
What is my bill plan
How to request for passbook.
Whom to ask query regarding technical issues
shortcut of shutdown the system
Why Watson is important for any person.?
what is my total bill
How to restart system
He is a sharp-shooter.
is there any Promotional Scheme going?
Please reboot your computer
what all documents needed for changing my billing address address
I want to change my address details
Please note my billing address
Could you please confirm the bill delivery status.
i can provide all documents
Can i know the recharge offers for my number ?
there is some system error
I want to Deactivate international roaming pack
Which are the payment methods I can use to for prepaid recharges?
I have not received bills for this month .
Please i want to understand some new recharge plans
what credit limit would you like to apply for?
yesterday afternoon all services have got successfully activated
Can you help me in making a demand draft
how can i invest in Fixed deposit
what are the advantages of Fixed deposit
The capital of India is New Delhi.
What is the finance charges for late payment?
What is due date of invoice
HOW TO HANDLE CALLS WHILE CREATING REPORTS?
How to link aadhar card to phone number?
How should we control over eating?
What is the net profit of IBM 2016-17
HOW DOES CREATE COMPRESS ZIP FOLDER?
how to use ATM
HOW DOES CREATE THE  SMALL FILES FROM LARGE FILES?
Thank you for being on line, it will take some more time to check your information.
how may i help you today?
we are sorry for the inconvenience that you are facing, sure, sir\ mam, we will help you regarding the same.
do this, adjust 200 rupees from both the months in my next bill and also give additional discount for 100 rupees, so that I do not get any bill next month
IBM is a very nice platform to grow your ability.
watson is very good discovery of IBM
Go cashless. Pay online and save time.
How do I recharge a Prepaid number?
How can I check my settings?
Documents required for SIM Exchange?
I want to discontinue my internet services for some time.
what is my current account balance?
Please provide last five transactions of my account
What is my due date
My bills are always incorrect and when i call to your customer care center i always get the same answer.
We should respect our soldier and farmer.
i will make it right
i love IBM
network is bad
Hi, This is Neha calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Deepak calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
How long will it take to transfer amount
the Network of your service in my area is very poor.
What are the available 4g plans?
Am I eligible to get the cash back over and above the debit card feature?
When will bills setup for Standing Instruction on Debit Card be scheduled for payment?
How many days prior to the due date are bills processed through Standing Instruction on Debit Card?
You can contact the merchant. However, you need to change the Standing Instruction in order to change the scheduled payment date.
What should be done if the card is lost/stolen?
How can i check the speed of my broadband.
I love drinking tea
How long will it be before our service is transferred to Members Telecom?
Log in to Your account
In how much time, MNP request will be processed? / What is the porting time once request is submitted?
how to activate ISD Facility?
What is your contribution in your squad?
Ok will meet then
How much time it will take to reach me?
You are very beautiful.
What is the status on the task
what are documents required for purchasing new SIM ?
How will we resolve the issues ?
Please resolve my problem
Can you please say that again?
Please tell me the time this issue is going to take
I want to change my address details.
Please go the next page to find correct answer
what are the possible solution for this problem ?
Political analysts in the United States and United Kingdom have noted the existence of a sophomore surge in which first term representatives see an increase in votes in their first election
Why i have not received any updates till now
How to create Sales Order
you are very fanatic person
my laptop got crashed
I believe I have been a victim of identity theft. How can I clear my name?
what is the significance of this change?
Can you tell me your name?
Please share the process step to open a defect record
Are you married?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
How may I help you
What are the  monthly internet packs  available under Rs. 200 ?
Please Slow down your Car
I missed you so much .
Shall we make dinner together tonight?
May I know how much debt I have on my credit card?
What is balance in my bank account
Do you want to learn these skills ?
Can you please check the status of my complain.
how can I apply for top up loan in my home loan
can you provide explanation of  my current bill?
This is going to be Really Difficult
what did you have in your lunch?
How do I become eligible for an  Bank Regular Current Account?
Please explain in brief.
I want to know my account balance
How do you take care of lost calls when the phone line is busy?
this is reality.
Kindly tell me about my current postpaid plan.
Look into my eyes
What is my tariff plan ?
I am busy
What are the requirements to begin using 4G?
you are so correct on this
How I can block my mobile number ?
How to activate my SIM
Do you provide 4G services
What payment options are available
please provide correct details
I am not able to configure my new handset with internet settings.
we have a meeting at 4 pm
how can I get my 3g sim upgraded to 4g sim
I want to change my ATM pin
Then, take us back.
Please change by bill plan
I want to know about my plan in detail
Wow, that's actually great! Thank you so much!
What is the procedure to change the Bill Plan?
When i will get my refund balance?
Hi, how to add a new family plan to my account?
Placing standing instruction for credit of funds
Can I use my telephone bill as a valid address proof?
What is the billing date of my post paid mobile number
What was your greatest success?
You have any other query apart from this ?
How do you deal with criticism?
Can i change my billing address
i want to know my balance.
I hate you.
Thank you for all your help!
Are you ready to work in shifts/rotational shifts?
I am under a 999 plan where I should get 70 GB of data
I want change my address in bank
How does this service work
Other service provider giving better deals.
I want to upgrade my plan.
I am from a very poor family.
What according to you is a job at a call center like? What motivates you to work in a call centre?
My mother is a  doctor.
Fill this form separately. Write your address clearly. ATM card will be delivered to you by post.
I want to change my billing address.
What do you know about a BPO/KPO? What makes them different?
I am in review stage
I want to stop the paper bills for my number?
you have issue in your printer cartridge ,if i am not wrong
Can a Home Loan be Pre-approved?
Can a personal loan be Pre-approved?
how can I switch from postpaid to prepaid
She forgot to feed her dog.
She knew the story already.
Is there anything else that I can help you with?
She married Tom last month.
She was crying in her room.
The box he found was empty.
There is a bag on the desk.
How can I check the maturity date of my fixed deposit.
How can I withdraw the amount of fixed deposit before maturity?
We voted for the candidate.
We want complete sentences.
Are we still connected?
She remained single all her life.
She reproached me for being lazy.
This is the third time i have the same issue.
The conference will end tomorrow.
The telephone rang several times.
There was a strong wind that day.
My current bill is having discrepancy in total call duration
My current bill is having discrepancy in total sms
What are the new plans for  post paid
What are the best plans for my number
How can I port my phone number to a different network?
I place your call on hold while I fetch this information for you?
What is an authorization
How do I add a photo to my debit card?
There is no Network coverage area in my location.
How can I link additional accounts to my debit card?
My call gets disconnected very frequently.
What is a banking center?
What does it mean if I receive a hold on my account after I have made a deposit?
i forgot my debit card pin. please reset it.
How are you doing?
This is last warning for you.
Where do you live ?
how to use the DND service
Thank you for calling State bank of india
My bill shows huge tax amount is charged
i want to change my postpaid plan
All my check point goals are on track
Could you please arrange for a call back?
Sim Related
Voice Quality
What is my current address?
I want to know about GCC (Green Channel Counter)
I cannot undo an update sir. Once you are living at a valid address you can call back. Would you like to fix your other record problems now sir?
what is the maturity date of my loan
i am very frustrated from the service.
can you please suggest me some good data plan
Do you require loan?
How do I change my saving account linked for EMI deduction?
I'll be sure to send you the fax this afternoon.
I am from India
How do I download my bill for last month?
The adoption requirements and policies for adopting children have made it harder for foster families and potential adoptive families to adopt.
SBI Bank savings account opening is easy and hassle-free
While booking, the amount was debited but ticket not booked, What should I do?
How do I know the status of the delivery of my ticket?
I had selected a particular berth preference, but have been allotted a different berth, Why is it so?
Do I need to make any payment while starting a new Post-paid connection? Will this amount be refundable?
Why Idea Post-paid?
How can I check the unbilled usage of my bill?
What is credit limit?
Can I use my Idea connection when I am travelling out of my local region?
What are the charges for National roaming?
Internet banking is sometimes known as virtual banking
Pass Book is a book where all the bank transactions are recorded.They are mainly issued to Current or Savings Bank account holders.
Can I use the call conference service on my Idea connection?
Market Capitalization is the product of the share price and number of the company’s outstanding ordinary shares.
What is an add-on card? How do I apply for same and what is the eligibility?
Do I have the option to consolidate the credit limit of two of my Citibank credit cards?
What is the total amount due and how do I check the same?
How do I register for Statement on Email?
How do I redeem points instantly at merchant outlets?
How do I go about redeeming points instantly against fuel purchases?
Can I redeem the reward points accumulated on my card as cash and transferred to my savings account?
Exit from here in case of emergency situation.
We all welcome you in IBM India
I want to update my address.
The request for photo passbook cannot be processed from the call center.
i want to know about personal loan.
Is my debit card issued ?
I would like to have plan 699. Please active the plan.
I am Shreya talking from pune
I'm feeling hungry
Follow the rules
where are IT companies located in gurgaon
why do you follow traffic rules
I want to change my bill address
Do I need to furnish any security to get a home loan?
I want to change my number
Let us play a game of chess for time pass.
maturity value of fixed deposit
What is the e-Bill Pay service
That would frustrate me, too.
I want to talk to your manager
I have not received my debit card yet
Do you want to activate the sim card?
If you can do online it will be good rather asking me to come to your nearest show room.
Please help with the procedure to order a demand draft.
Would you like to try our new product?
Please take your seat. Tell me what can I do for you?
I had ordered for a new cheque book last week. I am yet to receive it.
How can i change the phone number connected to my bank account?
I forgot sir
What are self service for customers?
My bill amount is incorrect
by means of using a visited network.
I am not able to connect to the internet.
you will have to issue your own cheque for Rs 20000 plus Rs 200 that is Rs 20200 to bank.
which documents required for debit card
My recharge is completed
Please Issue Me a Duplicate of Invoice Copy of All Medicines
Do I have to pay a deposit for fees?
Will I receive a discount for paying in full?
Good morning.My name is Sweta. How may I help you today?
How may I help you
Please help me checking my account balance
Thanks for calling
I want to change my bill mode
Could you tell me the various call plan options available.
I’m afraid I can’t give you that information.
how to pay my credit card through net banking
How to create my RD account
I'm having an issue with your network.
I'm having an issue with your network.
There is a mistake in my latest bill
If I come back to my current circle will it be considered as a roaming after my number is ported.
our agent will come to your place tomorrow
for more information you can contact nearest branch
Could you please provide me with my account details
Plants make food using photosynthesis
How can I view my bill?
Make bridges not walls
The stories of the Scandinavian writers are not so good
dinasours died due to meteor showers and volcanic eruptions
They challenge the brain, but fail to touch the heart.
Which language do you like to speak?
Now that I am viewing my bill online, can I stop getting a paper bill in the mail?
Can I view usage details for every mobile number in my account online?
What was my last transaction amount.
Refund money did not received
Don't use mobile phones while working
Please give me sometime
I am not feeling well today
I did not get my monthly statement
when i will get update on this
Where are my Allowance minutes shown on my bill?
My calls are dropping
I am very thankful to you.
Today is very rainy day?
what is keyword to check the balance amount
I want to open joint account.
How do I avoid bank fees and charges?
My computer system is hanging a lot
My ATM card is not working
I want to activate 4G on my postpaid mobile.
I want to reset my ATM PIn
I have a question for you
I received a wrong bill
why i'am getting no service message all the time
Ensuring that all data is accurately inputted into databases.
i want to change my number
Papers has been submitted to you
who is prime minister of india.
i want a new connection
What do you do in your free time ?
please tell the status of recharge
Good to hear it got solved :) Don't hesitate to contact us if you have any further questions. Have a lovely day
I want to reset my ATM pin.
Do whatever you want to do man
believe in serve others
Making suggestions for improving service or processes.
IBM offices across Pune will remain open
Able to use a range of communication channels.
do i need to prefix STD code
Is 5G available in New Delhi?
Which documents are require for the home loans?
Hi. My ATM PIN is no longer working. Not sure what is the issue. Please let me know the procedure to reset the PIN
i want to change the billing cycle of my credit card
i want to know about my nearest bank branch
I am from Haryna
i want to apply for new passbook.
Service tax amount is wrong in my bill .
how can i change to migration mode
what is procedure to get duplicate bill.
my credit card is inaccessible.
This is a verification call in reference to the current policy changes.
Want to change my address
I want to change my data plan.
My bill amount is incorrect
How to register nominee online for your bank account
how much roaming charges will be there for mobile
Please link my Mobile with Aadhar card?
May I help you
What is this happening in our country
Could I put your call on Hold while I fetch your details.
What happens after porting my number?
Okay. And what seems to be the problem today?
Can I port my number more than once?
Good morning madam, How can I be of service to you today?
Hello how are you ?
You can check your balance, pay your bills, order a statement, request for cheque book, DD or even transfer money to another bank.
what is my last month due amount ?
I have 4G, now my network is bad? Why am I not getting network?
Do you want to change your ringtone?
Will I lose money held on my money transfer account (for example M-pesa, ZAP, Orange Money) when I port my number to another network?
In order to do trading you should be having special account
Where can I make my request to port?
Please confirm your date of birth
I am sorry but Your card is expired as you haven't used from last 6 month.
I have changed my house. Please updated the address.
How can I block my Debit Card?
Thank you for calling ABC Company.
If my internet usage goes above 50% ,notify me every month
May I have your Account Number, please.
I was charged an incorrect amount
Hi Sir Good morning how are you today
where do you live in gurgaon ?
KOL, key opinion leader
I love my parents
How much is my bill amount
Will the customer be intimated once the updation is done?
Log on to www.airtel.in/myplan & select the "I'm already on airtel postpaid" option--> You'll be able to see your current plan.. Then click on Create mYPlan & make sure to save for required changes.
Will instant credit happen in my Credit card account on making payments through the ATM?
Will my mobile number stop working during Porting process? Is there any service disruption during porting the mobile number?
How do I know whether my handset supports caller tune?
Are caller tune and ringback tone the same?
My name is Anand Mohan
Are there any charges for using this service
How would you describe yourself?
Sure madam  we will help u regarding the same.
resolve my car loan issue
resolve my recharge issue in airtel
why is my phone number deactivated?
Open your Web browser and navigate
Type your passcode in the appropriate field and click "Sign In.
click the "Update" button. The change should occur within 24 hours.
is it possible to increase my credit card limit
How can I book Encash?
What are the different tenures available for booking Encash?
Can I cancel or pre-close my Encash request?
Does Card protection plan cover my unregistered cards as well?
I have lost all my cash along with my cards, and I don't have any cash with me. Can I get help?
Where I can get prepaid starter pack and recharge coupon?
So i just have to pay rs 2000
Have a nice day!
What is a difference between NRE & NRO Savings Account?
How do I add a Mandate Holder?
Repatriation from NRE/FCNR Account
Repatriation from NRO Account
Do we need to submit document every financial year to continue OD facility.
How can you activate your Inactive or Dormant account?
i want my bill on mail
Thanks for your time. Have a great day.
Can I withdraw cash in any other city where I do not have a savings account?
class name
HOW MANY STATES ARE IN INDIA ?
My Broadband router is not working properly.
Could you please brief me the steps to start DND service on my phone number.
How to apply for a PPF account
I am unable to access my account?
what is my bill amount
How i can convert my Post paid service to prepaid service In any Telecom operator?
We voted for the candidate.
How may I help you?
i lost my ID
and access to Jio Premium apps for 84 days or recharge with Rs. 309 plan and enjoy 1GB high speed data per day,
Can you please send me the detailed bill of this month ?
do you have room available in your hotel on this Sunday
How to Activate ISD ( International Calling )
my bill amount is incorrect
what is my data balance?
Please active International roaming service
when I'll be able to logon after triggering the script at 7:00 pm
You can check the activation status of your new connection by dialing 1860 266 5555 FREE.
my bill amount is incorrect
where are you
Please block my sim card
How do I know my recent deductions?
Hello, i would like to know reaming money in my account.
I am not getting bill on my mail.
When was that transaction done?
i dont have proper network in himayat-nagar area
Vodafone DND service provides the facility to activate or deactivate all Vodafone unwanted calls on your mobile number.
I want to know my data card plan.
what is Roaming Deactivation?
what is Data Stop?
what is Family Plan Creation?
what are the documents required for Credit Verification
we should be very attentative for alerts
Please dont change my tariff without my permission
Please use my data card
what is the process to change my current plan to family plan
When do changes to Friends & Family become effective?
Will I be notified when there are changes to Friends & Family?
Is there any limit for purchase/sale of shares / convertible debentures by an NRI in the secondary market?
How does an NRI know whether a particular company is open for NRI investment?
i am not able to login to my system
What will be the levied ATM charges?
How can I increase the credit limit on my credit card?
This bill is  completely differ from the plan what I asked you to  activate
What is XYZ Bank Bill Payment?
its nice to meet you
how are you doing?
I have been charged for incorrect data charges
Please activate DND on mu mobile number.
What is my data balance
what is the process to get a new number
I want soft copy of my phone bill
Is there any limit on data that can be shared with the members of this family plan
How to add family members to this plan
Are there any charges associated with the reward point redemption process?
Can I ask for a cheque for the BT amount?
I am an Add-on card holder, can I book BT on my card?
Can I avail BT on my other SBI Card?
What is the amount of Balance Transfer I can avail with BT service?
Is the cancellation process same for all the other bank cards?
Is the cancellation process same for all the other bank cards?
What is the interest rate applicable for Flexipay?
you are on wrong train ?
What is the difference between a pay order and a Cheque?
What are you doing.
How can I book Encash?
What is the minimum and maximum booking amount for Encash?
Are you busy.
What is a call centre?
What is the bill amount for this month.
speaking english isnt easy
hello my mobile number is 9800000000 and I have to change my bill plan
What is the IMEI number?
I want to activate 4G Services
yes sir we have plan of 499, let me give you the details
How much is the late payment fees?
this is my home
How would you like me to address you?
IBM Expertise offers quick access to find experts via comprehensive keyword filter options
I don't want any marketing call on my mobile.
Greater transparency will provide clarity  on skill requirements and expectations
what is the matter?
Can I take a loan amount of 2,00000 lakhs for my new car?
What is my bill amount
Balance in professional and personal life
what is my bill amount
How to calculate gold value for the gold loan?
What is PPF account and its benefits?
What is difference between savings and current account?
Whom do I contact for the postpaid related issues?
Deactivate
DND Service
Change Language
my number is incorrect.
I am not able to change pin from ATM?
What happens if I do not extend Safe Custody?
Are you the account holder?
Can I call Customer Care while roaming internationally?
What are the international roaming call charges?
Why am I billed for roaming even when I have not visited any roaming location in the last billing period?
I want to change my billing address.
My phone is stolen
Thank you.
apple is my favorite fruit
What is the process if my bank account is debited and talk-time limit is not increased / DTH T.V is not recharged?
My phone has connectivity issue.
my phone bill amount for this month is very high
my mixer grinder is not working
can you be a bit louder please?
can you please confirm me my bill details like bill plan etc?
Thank you .
i want to activate ISD calling on my number
Customer : okay. Number is 7978813810 and Name Pritish.
what is amount left in my savings account
I want to update my address
cricket is a good sport
i work in ibm
what is the interest rate for housing loan?
i want to get my phone connection terminated
I want a better plan than the one I have
Can you tell me about your Housing Loan?
Hello How are You ?
Adidas shoe has good quality.
my laptop is broken
What is the EMI of my housing loan?
What is the current balance in my savings bank account?
what are you doing?
Sorry for keeping you waiting.
What are you doing?
What are the charges for International roaming?
Can I cancel a valid or expired draft? Are there any charges?
What are the charges for call divert?
Where can we find the option for Live Chat on the website?
What is Safe Custody?
How to extend the tenure of my Safe Custody?
How can I contact Customer Care while roaming within India?
Do I need to pay any security deposit for using International Roaming?
Do I require a special kind of handset while roaming internationally?
Please clear my issue in billing
Who is the father of nation?
What are the data roaming charges on International Roaming?
where are you from?
How may I help you today?
How can I improve my service levels in my contact center
My name is Watson
What are the benefits of real time statistics in a contact center
When will the billing details will be uploaded in Netbanking?
When will my bank account be debited?
When should I make a payment for a presented bill?
My balance is incorrectly deducted
nowadays so many people are using smartphones
Healthy life is a wealthy life
How can I get my Card blocked ?
If the money is not credited to the beneficiary’s account while using the e-monies NEFT service, will I get it back?
What are the charges for the RTGS funds transfer service?
If the money is not credited successfully, will the remitting customer get the funds back?
Please tell me my bill plan
Whether it is applicable for both Prepaid and Postpaid Mobile users?
I want to activate a roaming pack
Can I use my Debit Card to pay online?
Why is the ICICI Bank Insta Credit Card not given to the secondary Fixed Deposit holder?
When will I receive my Access Card?
How can I apply for new Credit Card?
I want to switch from prepaid to postpaid
Can u please explain me fixed deposit interest rate for senior citizen
how to activate call divert
To answer your question, the fast speed would be 3 miles per hour in a car.
What is the process of loan application?
Does this package sound like something you would be interested in ordering?
He is dancing.
He knows how to dance.
Is it raining outside?
Where are you going?
Can I increase tenure of my car loan
what issue you are facing with this device
I want to port my number to this network , please can you advise me the step regarding this process.
I would like to know current unbilled amount.
which plan i am using
how can i help you?
i want to change my internet pack
it is raining
Watson I am really Interested to teach you a lot.
what is my bill amount ?
thank you for calling
please pay your bill
My bill amount is incorrect
i completely agree with you
My bill amount is incorrect
My bill amount is incorrect
we can fix that
Why networks deduct main balance for Internet usage?
i am happy
How to generate an account pin.
We are all together.
have you done your work?
voice quality is not satisfactory
I have lost my card
sir , do you want to take personal loan
I have forgot my ATM pin, could you please help me in order to get a new ATM pin?
please provide your input
Are you able to hear me
when do we stop?
This facility has been provided to only prime customer
how can i help you?
I want to deactivate the flash news.
How many people can be added to a locker ?
Call me after some time.
please share your date of birth
Had your lunch?
This value added service was started automatically I want you to stop this.
Please block my sim.
By which mode you would like to make your payment .
How to activate DND on my number?
I want to know my bill amount for this month
Please show my account amount for Call and Data Component as per State GST and Central GST.
What are the different business verticals in IBM
How to increase data plan during bill cycle
Hallo Watson, I would like to set up a Pin for my New ATM Debit card.
How to increase the bill amount limit of account
I want to activate international roaming on my IDEA postpaid number?
How to disconnect from the phone services
My bill are shooted up
how do i get my PUK number?
I lost my phone, can you block my number
Hello how are you?, I would like to reset my ATM pin number. Need your help to submit a ticket for the same. I will be available on this phone number to contact for any further details.
My credit card is lost or stolen
My debit card has been stolen and I want to terminate services on my card.
How old are you now?
I would like to Deactivate of MSG Services on my number
would like to verify your details
What are the charges applied for sending a demand draft?
Can I pay my bill online?
Can I buy a Demand Draft against cash and order it?
How do I get your connection?
Once the demand draft is ordered, how long will it take for the beneficiary to receive it ?
Once the demand draft is ordered, how long will it take for the beneficiary to receive it ?
Is there any mobile app for data recharge?
Do I get the facility of International roaming?
Please close my previous request.
I want register a complain related to my SIM reopen.
Is there any charges on diverting call?
What is the speed of 4G?
Recharge is not reflecting on my account.
What’s special about 4G?
How will I know if my phone is ready to use 4G services?
Will I be able to access 4G while on roaming?
Change my aadhar number registered to my mobile number ending with 4563
How can I explore new plans and offers?
My voice is full of noise at the time of call.
My SMS balance deducted without any reason
My 2g balance deducted without any reason
how much time it wll take for new connection ?
My SIM is not working. Could you please repalce my SIM?
3G feature have been replaced under airtel
may i know my bill delivery date?
you can bring your data card at office
Please call me back once you reach there
do you have a handset?
My handset is giving problem
Sorry for the inconvenience madam.
Where I can see 4G related demo?
what is my bill amount
may i know your name please
Can I activate 3G services on this number?
we have sorted out your billing issue
Where can I see the network is connected?
I just want to know the balance of my account
Need details of different taxes that has been charged on my bill.
Yes, please I will call you in couple of minutes
How may I assist you?
I dont get proper coverage
Network is down from the past 2 hours.
This is Priyanka of Pizza Express, what is your name and what would you like to order?
Kindly let me know the status of my mobile number port request.
What are charges for Hello Tunes?
How will the cheque book reach me
how will I get back my bounced cheque?
what are the charges to issue new cheque book?
I want refund of my account balance
I am not able to see my network in my handset
Please give me duplicate bill  for month of July
i want to change my phone number
I cant recieve any phone calls.
I have to subscribe to a new package.
I have sent you the report
I am getting an error.
There is no network tower in my phone. Please check?
Where were you?
You want change your mobile plan
hello how are you doing?
Why late fee is charged in my account when i have a running billing complaint against my number
How can I get duplicate statement
My bill amount is incorrect. Hindi is our mother tongue.
can you please tell me the last four digits of your SSID number
What is the time?
Your A/C balance is below the prescribed minimum avg balance.
I am waiting for my train since two hours.
Can I help you.
i want to report call drop issue for my number
I want to change my current bill plan
can you give me details of housing loan facility which your bank provides?
could you please tell me which BPO company offer's a best package
I have not received the refund till now ?
i want to change my password in my loan account detail
we have to go in an hour
You are totally right
i want to change my sim
how effective are different types of family planning?
what are the health benefits of oral contraceptives?
i want to deactivate my number
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Rajni, How may I assist you?
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Bushra, How may I assist you?
I want to request for a new cheque book
how may i help you?
why tds is deducted on my fixed deposit.
why my cheque got dishonoured please help
How to get a new credit card?
What is the limit of my credit card?
Hello and welcome to AT&T! I'd be happy to assist you in setting up services. To get started, can you please provide me with your name & the complete address where you would like to connect service?
Do you know about new Tariff plans.
Would you like me to provide you the complete details of the package?
How can i transfer money from my bank account?
Our Wireless Gateway allows you to connect up to 4 wired devices or up to ten total computers, printers and gaming systems in your home.
which is best for connecting with friends and family through email and social networking at an affordable price.
Would you mind double checking that with a supervisor?
what is due date of my DTH to recharge
what is my communication address updated there
My bill amount is incorrect
Thanks for answering all those prompts
What is self service banking?
Is there any advance billing option available?
How do I port my SIM to another Service Provider?
How do I change the billing address on my credit card?
the flag is to be made of khadi
It fixes the credit limits
Ashoka Chakra, a 24-spoke wheel, in navy blue at its centre.
it is the backbone of the O2C cycle
Mango is the national fruit of India. Described as the "Food of the Gods", in the sacred Vedas, the fruit is grown almost in all parts of India.
definition is grounded in meeting customer needs.
A value streamis the complete sequence of activities
how to compress files
I am working at Mindspace
This bill is more updated
If I port my mobile number then which circle's rate will be charged?
Some sort of calculation is needed
Thank you for calling.
My bill amount for this month is 600 rupees
It has been 10 days but I am getting frequent drop in call after porting.
Due to holiday i am unable to process your request
you belong to which city?
What is your name
you belong to which state?
When did you planning to leave home today?
I want to stop the payment of cheque which i have issued to a policy company.
Kindly help me to reset my ATM PIN.
My online transaction failed but money deducted
what are your office timings
What is the procedure to avail the mobile number portability option.
Duplicate bill requested.
What is my current Bill plan?
What are your roaming plans?
My dongle device is not working.
What are the partial charges on my bill?
where there is a will there is a way
charge your mobile now
Which of the following public sector banks has the largest number of branches in foreign countries?
thanks for waiting
Can we call you back on the same number?
have a nice day.
how can i change my pin?
I want sim replacement.
I need to know the 10 transactions on my accounts?
Please deactivate my 3G services.
I want to open an account with the least amount of hassle
What is the credit limit of your credit card ?
how to block a number
Please send a copy on my registered e-mail id.
Please provide me your date of birth.
I need to get 3G services activated on my number.
How can i help you?
I request you to send the itemized bill for my landline phone.
Am I audible to you ?
I want to travel to spain.
Please provide me your branch name.
Can i go now?
Why are you studying English ?
Still I have not got my bill for this month.
I want to know the details of previous five transactions in my account
Ajay and I play Cards.
I have lost my debit card. How can I apply for new debit card ?
What are the tax benefits of taking an Housing loan?
I do not have an Internet Banking User ID, how can I obtain one?
How do I enable my Bank relationships on website?
Can I know the status on credit card payments?
why did my sim get deactivated?
Maturity date of fixed deposit
{Multiple Account} Check Recurring Deposit balance
{Single Fixed Deposit Check Fixed Deposit balance
I want to activate national message  pack
i want to change my number to prepaid
How can I Configure data settings?
Click “Active Plan Details” to check the amount used, the total quota and validity of your plan/ pack.
Do I need a separate handset to use 3G services?
If you have any questions please note down the SR number1234567. Please mention this when u call back for same issue.
What do I need to start using 3G?
I want corporate bill plans
What should I do if I have a dual SIM phone to get the best mobile internet experience?
Continue to enjoy Data as per your home rates / Data pack
How can I help you?
Your SIM card does not support 4G services
I am proud to be an IBM'er
3. If you don't remember then give your mobile number, so that we can send you a reset link.
For further queries please dial ******
My laptop is not working
how to deactivate my current plan ?
I am fine how are you
I want a new Sim Card.
Thank you for calling Indigo
Hi sir, Hope you doing fine today
My hobby is to read books
Aradhana is not a good girl.
Good evening sir my name is Abhinav Saxena
I came form Pune to Delhi
How to create favorite in share drive ?
i want to go london also i want to book my return ticket to india
How to deactivate data plan on my number ?
what is criteria for getting an international credit card
How can i see details of EMI of my Credit Card?
May i have your employee ID
How do I turn on 4G on my handset?
After converting in EMI on my credit card, Can I skip the payment of monthly bill?
I want to change my present address.
Bring the attendance
Please deactivate the flash services.
what is diffrence between balance sheet and profit and loss ac
i want to change my bill option in detail
Bill amount of my phone for the month of August is not correct?
i want to deactivate my SIM
How can i get a 4G compatible sim card?
I want to activate international roaming on my number
i want a micro sim
what are the timings to use lockers
My bill amount is incorrect
My bill amount is incorrect
thank you for the information
My bill amount is incorrect
what time should we call you?
what is most convenient for you?
What Services are activated on my number
Android offers you an option to keep a track of your mobile or cellular data usage
Bill related queries
why are you charging for higher plan when I asked you to change my plan 15 days ago.
Certificate of address having photo issued by A Gazetted Officer in letter head
Click on billing tab from the top menu to view your bill summary and last payment details
What is my billing cycle?
Certificate of address having photo, issued by Village Panchayat head
thank you very much.
Is there is any discount if i pay my bill before due date
I want to change my SIM as it's damaged. Please advise?
Magnetic strip of my Credit card has stopped working.
Donald Trump
I want to activate caller tune on my phone.
what are the charges to use messaging services
I want to apply for personal loan
Please remove caller tune from my account.
My roaming not activated yet.
Request new SIM card
what is the current MCLR for your bank
client satisfaction should be  on top priority for achieving success in business
Request you to issue receipt of Debit card
Yes please, that would be helpful.
I don’t like to fly that much. Can you tell me about the Gold shopper card?
What do I do if I have lost my Debit Card?
I m not getting 4 G signal in office
You are fifth in the queue.
I want to go to office
Change internet data plan
will i get OTP number in mobile  after adding account number
Oh I'm sorry. Would you like me to fax that to you?
it won't be working until around 2:30.
How can I help you?
Can you help in my mobile number porting ?
Welcome !!!
I have to request new ATM card
How much is total balance in my RD account
How many days in a year?
When is labor day?
Ship sank in water
How many MB in a GB?
where have you come from ?
This is my first love
How to save money?
How many people are in the world?
I want to modify my internet pack
How to calculate BMI?
I want My flight Status.
i have a coverage problem in my network
i am unable to browse my internet
can i do balance transfer from other credit cards
4. I have changed my 'Mobile Networks' settings in my handset as you instructed.
News and Match on Mobile
What would be the charges for caller tune per month?
so do i need to deposit money every month or every quarter or yearly
My phone is not working properly?
Could you please let me know the latest bill plan.
When is the next economical bonanza going to start?
Have you got something bigger?
Is there any rice?
Are there any sandwiches?
i want to know the status of recharge.
what is the process of get a new SIM card
I want to activate DND service on my phone number
should i pay extra for changing the bill plan ?
How do I activate mobile banking in my phone?
It would be a great help to us if we could remotely access your computer. Is that okay?
what is the status of last submitted cheque
To process your order, I'll need your full 16-digit credit card number, expiration date, and security code.
What happens if I forget or lose my password
Are you listening
we are happy to help you.
Which documents do I need?
We consider it a privilege to serve you
No sir. If I open the account here my father will deposit money every month.
Hello how are you?
I want to remove the dialer tone subscription
This is Bikash Sharma
How do you rate your verbal communication skills?
Can you please check?
How would you improve upon our product/company?
It will be given free of cost.
do you know me?
What do you do if the dialer puts a ‘Do Not Call’ number through to you by mistake?
I want to know the maturity value of my fixed deposit
what are the KYC documents needed to open a new savings account ?
I want to register a complaint about not receiving the mobile postpaid bill on time
I want to deactivate my sim card.
I am facing network issues since yesterday. Please get it resolved.
I am unable to connect my phone to wifi
I want to take new sim connection
How much charges is required to reactivate a old SIM card?
I have not yet received my ATM pin
I want to receive statement of my account.
why so late in responding?
What details needs to give in verification call for activate a new SIM?
What are the processing fees charged by the bank for business loan?
How much loan can I get on my present salary
Its been 1 week and still I have not received the debit card.
Its been 1 week and still I have not received the SIM card.
Customer: But I am not able to open any attachment on whatsapp. How could be that related to browser history?
Kindly provide me the transaction number of failed transaction.
For this, I need to put your call on hold for 1 minute, may I?
My last month bill is incorrect
Hello how are you ?
can you hear me?
This book contains many pictures.
This tie doesn't go with my suit.
I have to change my billing address
What is the procedure of change address?
could you please send me bill details.
Statement of Accounts is a detailed report of the contents of account.
What is a Broadband modem?
How can I connect several computers and mobile from my broadband wifi ?
What is the main difference between GSM & CDMA?
What is Domain in Testing?
Can I help you with something else?
What is procedure to change the mobile number owner(from me to others)
What is the meaning of savings account?
What is the meaning of entity?
What is the supplier number?
What is my bill cycle
How to amend Term Deposit through net banking?
How is the interest paid on the deposits?
may i please get your bank account number and the name on the account
How can I change my PIN on my credit card?
I want to get missed call alert service activated on my mobile.
Can you please send the Duplicate bill ?
I want to disconnect my services.
Enter your date of birth and select ‘Yes’
Select “Already have on OTP” option and enter the OTP received on your registered mobile number
which place is this?
Why you have charged additional money for VAS (value added services) for this month. Can you please explain?
during peak times I am not able to receive or make calls from my mobile number, so I need your assistance.
Do not drink and drive
Please deactivate DND for call only on my mobile number
I want check my SMS balance validity status
Feeling proud to start a career with IBM watson
IBM watson is a excellent technology
Where can I buy these SIM Cards from?
How will I receive the interest amount?
Can I get 3G services on my current number?
If I want to upgrade to 3G, will my number change?
What is the accumulation capacity of 3G SIM?
What are the charges and limits for NEFT?
Are there any special benefits of using NetBanking?
The instalment amount once fixed cannot be altered at any later date, except as provided in the product offering;
The Recurring Deposit account has a minimum lock-in period of one month or as provided in the product offering and agreed in writing by the Bank
However, where the last instalment is received by the Bank after the due date, the accumulated amount together with interest will become repayable
I am getting network problem in my house
is it raining there?
I am not interested for the mentioned plan
My eyes are paining
is there a better plan than the one you mentioned
is there any plan cheaper than the one mentioned
to whom I need to contact for my issue
What is the fastest route for Rohini ?
Our endeavor is to resolve your complaints at your first point of contact
What is my bill Status?
How to claim expense in Cashbook?
God bless you!
Where is my ATM PIN?
Where is my welcome kit?
How to lock system
How to create a new password?
please reactivate my basic plan.
How much amount is left in my account?
Japan is a land of the rising sun
How do i disable data pack for my postpaid connection
How can i change my debit card pin.
what are the recharge offers
Apologies for the inconvinience
Please let me know about my Data balance
please show all my transactions of last month
I want to enquire about having a locker
Why is my Mobile Number Portability request canceled?
What are the eligibility criteria for Personal Accident Death Cover?
I wanted to reset my ATM pin, can you tell me how to do it?
What is my balance?
What are the tax benefits of taking an  Housing Loan?
Can you please activate my broadband line?
At what time during the day/week is the RTGS & NEFT service is available?
It is raining.
I have just received a text message telling me that my visa card has been suspended?
Some of the team members are on leave for this week
I want to change my bill plan
What is main problem?
I want to link my savings account with loan account
How do I Get Bill on eMail?
which is your favourite city
how many girlfreinds you have
How much it would take more?
How far is Bangalore Airport from MG road?
Watson is a very useful application
I will notify you.
I want to activate caller tune
Your company has exploited me a lot. I was using 1 GB data for 250 rupees but now after the entry of Jio, I am getting 1GB data on daily basis and that too in just 399 rupees for 84 days.
How can I get inforamtion and sms for my online transactions
What Should I do of duplicate payments?
I am talha
my mobile plan is not working
i am going to make it work
i dont like this data plan
i like watson
i love township data card
i want mobile plan of 300 rupees
Hi, This is Khushboo calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Gaurav calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Arslan calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
bill disputes araise due to miscommunication
There is a fly in the car with us.
I need bifurcated bill.
I want to change my bill plan
What proofs do i require to open a bank account?
i was not well yesterday
what are the roaming charges?
She is a well-known singer.
i want to switch my account
i want an answer for my question
What is your name
what are the documents required for opening bank account
I am working in Microsoft Corporation.
How we will go to Mashobra
I am getting fake promotional scheme.
I’m not sure exactly when that might be just yet , but I’d be happy to let you know once it’s launched
I want to ensure our customers are having the best possible experience.
I want to change my mobile billing address
Can you please let me know you registered number
For verification purposes, can you please tell your registered billing address
Whatâ€™s your favorite ice cream flavor?
Whatâ€™s your best childhood memory?
i want to activate national roaming pack
You can purchase a Network Extender online.
You would need to go to Settings > Mobile Network + SIM > Mobile Data > APN.
Thank you for activating e billing
While you are on a data pack - You will receive SMS alerts at 80% and at 100% of your usage quota
my bill amount is wrong
What are the data roaming charges on National Roaming?
Data service is worst.
I am not getting 4g service.
I am placing call on-hold for a minute
Please be on line
I want to reset my ATM pin
I want to know my saving bank account balance .
I need a 4g access
How i can reduce our stress ?
I have not got this month bill
how do i change the address
Need to check my mobile postpaid plan
you will be receiving duplicate bill within two days to your registered address
I want to check my balance
still I have not received duplicate bill
which i was requested in previous call
Corporate plan for my mobile number
Can you please keep my number in safe custody till I come back from my international assignment?
I forgot my ATM card pin.
how much is the amount
what is my pin
Could you please let me know the procedure for stop payment of a cheque that I have issued ?
Could you please let me know the available sizes of the locker?
I want to receive my last 3 bills.
i want to update my address
Please make my bill correct
what document you need for car loan
what is the best plan for me
Certificate of address with photo from Government recognized educational institutions
Ensure Compliance to workstation security Tool!
what are learning topics
don't leave any confidential paper, media, personal or company valuables, unattended at your workplace /printer room.
What is the maximum tenure for home loan
Never send unsolicited e-mail, junk e-mail, chain e-mail or any other advertising material.
Check for the authenticity of sender before opening any attachment.
I need cheque book.
Please tell me the status of my recharge.
What is my Bill Amount
Request for conversion of transaction into EMI will be processed only if the request for the same is received within 60 days from the date of purchase
No request for changes in the billing cycle shall be entertained during the entire loan period.
How to check eligibility and avail SmartEMI?
I want to discontinue my number
How to get account statement printed in Internet banking ?
How do I subscribe for International Roaming on my mobile number ?
I have airtel connection
I am not able to check my account balance using mobile banking app.
Click the Edit Billing Address button
I want to know my credit card bill
we live in independent india
2.what is my loan account number?
How can I link aadhar card to bank account ?
What is the procedure to change the home loan from base rate to MCLR ?
Hello , I want to know my account balance .
I want to port my number from Idea to Vodafone
My bill payment is not visible in transaction history
How do I activate this service
What is caller ID restriction
What are the charges to replace the SIM
Can you please tell me your date of birth?
i want to change my account.
what should i do to get better network
What is the current interest rate on home loan
I want to port my number
What is my current bill plan as I want to change my bill plan
What is your name ?
Could you please give me statement of my account ?
Prioritize your work.
Can I talk to your supervisor.
I want to waive of my late fine for last month.
I would like to speak with your team lead or manager.
I have to buy a phone, What phone should I buy?
Who are the 3 greatest living musicians?
What accomplishment are you most proud of?
What is Reverse Repo Rate?
What is CRR Rate?
How to deactivate a family plan ?
I want to activate do not disturb facility on number
Can I change the EMI Period afterwards on my Credit card spend?
In case you do not provide your PAN information to the bank, they will deduct TDS @20%. So do make sure Bank has your PAN details.
Can I convert my Electronic purchases in EMI on my Credit Card?
Please sent me the new cheque book
Can i get mobile number of my choice
Tax or TDS is deducted by the bank, after a threshold.
How can I share family plan with my family members?
This is Customer service Department, How may I help you?
How much will it cost to use the call conference service?
you have debited unnecessary amount from my account
i have network problem in my area
Do you provide Service in my City
What is my Credit limit ?
wish u very happy journey
How are you?
Hope you are doing great
I have filled up my KYC form, why am I still getting reminders to submit it again?
Please activate the value added service in my mobile number.
How to meet customer expectations
How to present issues reported by client
Thank you for the information
The password is not working for my account.
How do I block Marketing Calls on my number ?
Check the reason of my service dispute
My SIM migrated but not yet activated.
How much is the credit limit for my connection?
My new sim not aadhar linked.
My account have been credited with huge amount with out my knowledge.
I want to check my Joint account balance.
I want to port my sim card from post paid to prepaid.
I did not receive my Credit card  pin
What can I do now?
kindly activate my 3g services
What is my salary?
My office is far away from my house.
how to change billing address for debit card
I understand you want the best deal possible on our product/software.
If you don’t feel we deserve a 5-star review, what can we do to better serve you?
I hope you’re having a good day so far!  I’m just writing to let you know your recent payment has failed to process for live chat service.
If you plan to continue your service, you can simply submit a new payment by logging in to your account. I have ensured it will remain active for another five days to give you extra time as well.
What’s your favorite tourist attraction?
What are the various Quotas available for booking through Internet?
Core Banking Solutions (CBS)  branches of the bank are connected together and the customer can access his/her funds or transactions from any other branch.
My billing plan is not matching
How do I cancel my ticket if the train has already departed?
Do I need to pay extra charges to avail STD and ISD services on my Pre-paid connection?
How can I replace my SIM card?
What are the charges for International roaming?
Can I call Customer Care while roaming internationally?
Wholesale Banking is similar to retail banking with a slight difference that it mainly focuses on the financial needs of the institutional clients and the industry.
What are the Value Added Services provided by Idea?
What are call management services?
When financial institutions and banks undertake activities related to banking like investment, issue of debit and credit card etc then it is known as universal banking.
How much will it cost to use the call conference service?
What are the current offers available on Citibank credit cards?
Debit Card is a card issued by the bank so the customers can withdraw their money from their account electronically.
What are the documents required for credit limit enhancement?
How can I get a new card?
Will my credit card be delivered to family member / third party at my mailing address?
What is a billing date/cycle and due date? Can it be changed?
What are the different types of bonus reward offers and when will bonus points be credited to my card account?
Is there an expiry date on the reward points accrued on my card?
confirm the billing address registered on the new sim.
I would like to confirm some details from you,  before activating your new sim as a part of security policy procedure.
What is the minimum deposit amount required for opening a FD account?
Is there any offer on 9 months subscription of Caller Tunes?
Can you please share the internet access point settings?
I am thinking to issue new check book
pls send me a soft copy of the bill over my mail ID
How do I know my call charges
Apart from India, the language is also spoken in Nepal, Guyana, Trinidad and Tobago, Suriname, Fiji and Mauritius.
How to activte LTE SIM
In linguistic terms, Hindi belongs to the Indo-Iranian sub-family of the Indo-European family of language
Will i be charged for new sim activation
The first World Hindi Conference was inaugurated by then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.
How to know the status of my balance amount?
what is the time ?
How to update my billing address online ?
How do I activate my tariff plan
I want to update my email address on the bank account?
I want to deactivate the locker service.
What is my plan expiry date
I want to see my bill
I want to update my passbook
How much is ATM withdrawn limit
Thank you for calling Airtel
What is my age?
I want to learn English
Can the unused amount in recharge coupons be carried forward?
I Have not received my passbook. How can I apply for passbook ?
My phone is lost so i want to block my sim card.
Learn how to view a credit or adjustment that’s been applied to your bill. It may take up to two months for it to post to your bill.
My balance was deducted due to over usage of data services
Buyer goes to their card issuer and requests a refund.
Buyer goes to their bank to request a refund.
Do the conclusions match the data being presented?
The data set has missing values which spread along 1 standard deviation from the median.
data balance recharge
data balance activation and configure
Flight reservation can be done easily from mobile
i will keep you posted
that will do
lets see what i can do
What are the different modes of Offline Payment
How can i know about various promotional scheme?
either way
My bill amount is incorrect
I am working from home today
Who can help me?
Whatâ€™s your pet peeve(s)?
What is the purpose of Participant Template?
Whatâ€™s your dream job?
Can I withdraw a higher amount for the purpose of my ward's wedding?
How can I increase the credit limit on my credit card?
What is the status of my credit card?
What is the credit period for credit card?
If my mobile phone has GPRS capability how do I get GPRS activated on my mobile phone?
How do I know shopping is secure when I am using credit card?
Which channels can I view on my 3G handset ?
What are different sources to download settings ?
How can I manage my Tata Docomo account on my own?
Do I need to fill new application form even if I stay with Tata Docomo?
How often you use our products?
How often PIN can be changed?
I want to change my caller tune
Who can use this service?
I want to activate roming
May I know your account number please?
My travel expenses are huge
How many days maximum would the bank require to re-credit the account for such wrong debits?
This painting is beautiful.
Will i be charged any additional charges for using this service?
Which customers are eligible for requesting for a FD through an Bank ATM ?
What will be the mode of operation and cust id of such Fds being made from requests from ATM?
Life is tough but beautiful
how much is the rate of interest for senior citizen deposits
once boot restart your mobile phone
i want to buy an iPhone
can I make the loan re-payment in advance?
Can I help you
I lost my debit card.
I haven't got my monthly bill
I am here to help you
contact me if you need any help
Can you please recheck my last month bill?
I want to activate international roaming on my number
in how much time will i get the ATM.
Could you please tell me the reason to port the number?
I have not received any payment confirmation
what is my bill amount
what is my data balance
you will have to pay 1 percent commission charge on twenty thousand
i want to change my billing address
I am very happy with the service you have provided me.
I would like to change my bill plan can you assist?
How to make the payment online
Please elaborate.
I want to change my current bill plan
I am not satisfied with my current data plan.
I need my FD certificate /Receipt
I had requested for a tenor of 10 however the FD is not issued on the same lines.
What is the credit period for credit card?
What is the interest amount that will be credited to my account?
When is the late payment fee charged on credit card?
I wish to add a nominee/change the nominee details on my FD.
Can I use my credit card for international transactions?
I wish to renew my FD
In which cities Bajaj Finance offer FD facility?
Why invest in an FD?
What is the tenure of Fixed Deposit?
Is TDS deductible on the interest earned on term deposits?
What is the minimum deposit amount required for opening a FD account?
What is Mobile Recharge Top-Up?
I just need a checking account.
Will I receive a confirmation for completion of top-up?
What are the operators for which I can use Top-Up facility?
What are the values for which Prepaid Recharge can not be done for Reliance?
What are the values for which Prepaid Recharge can not be done for Reliance?
Where can I enter the denomination of Recharge amount?
When my Bank Account will be debited?
How can I change the SIM / What do I do if I have lost the SIM?
Documents required for SIM Exchange?
Is there any limit on amount of Prepaid Mobile recharge?
Do I get intimation on expiry of Safe Custody
Documents required for SIM Exchange?
What happens if I do not extend Safe Custody?
Shift from a Company owned account to an Individual owned account
Can I pay for Safe Custody charges online?
How to extend the tenure of my Safe Custody?
I will be depositing 60 thousands today
How can I redeem my reward points through Website?
How can I  redeem my Rewards through Mobile App?
i WANT TO CHANGE MY EMAIL ID
Have fun dear .
how may i help you today
Please stay on the line while I transfer your call to my senior for better assistance
Once upon there was a king.
How do I check the details for non-receipt of my renewed credit card?
Will Fixed Deposit amount be automatically credited in our account on the maturity date?
will i get a receipt for my fixed deposit
Sure Sir... Do you have any accounts with us at the moment?
No, I don’t have.
Ok, great. Firstly, what credit limit would you like to apply for?
Yes, I would like to collect points whenever I use the card.
can bank issue duplicate demand draft if original is lost
Wonderful. Well, we have two cards which best suit your needs. One is our Platinum flyer card, the other is our Gold shopper card.
What’s the difference between the two?
is fixed deposit taxable
Please activate 4 G
Caller tunes are neither downloaded nor installed on your handset, All caller tunes reside with your operator and played from there when someone calls you.
What is the validity period of credit card
What is the Process to generate One time password (OTP) for IVR/ mobile transactions on cards/ Register for Verified by Visa / MasterCard SecureCode?
What are the minimum points required for redeeming?
giddiness
Sure, I will definitely assist you with the same, Could you please share the existing request number?
When you receive certain payments the person paying you has to deduct tax before making the payment.
Add interest income to your total income in your Income Tax Return each year
Bank deducts TDS @ 10% from your interest income when it exceeds Rs 10,000 in a year.
But how will the bank know your total income?
You have to submit these forms at the start of each financial year – this way Bank won’t deduct any TDS and you will be saved from waiting for a refund from the IT Department.
Ma'm, are you still there?
I made a transaction of 2000 rupee from the ATM and no cash has dispensed
Good afternoon and happy Thanksgiving, Western Appliances, Victor speaking, how may I help you?
this is ashu of computer assistance, How may I help you
Can i change the billing address in the portal
What charges are applied on activating a caller tune?
Hello Raj I am facing regular call drops
Will any special rates be applicable for bigger deposit amounts?
My bill amount is incorrect
Not receiving bills and poor customer service
please let us know transaction number
which Sim card is available in your phone?
It can be in respect of costs already incurred for works, services or other charges
what is your complaint ?
My bill amount is incorrect
Please share the recharge summary
i did not received recharge summary on mail
My bill amount is incorrect
i want purchase new sim
I want purchase new mobile, please let me know the configuration
we can distribute recharger offers to our cousultants
My bill amount is incorrect
As you think, so shall you become
Can I reserve handicapped parking?
Can I sell my passes on another website?
Hello, My name is Puneet and I want my billing address to be change
Is the quoted price an hourly rate or a flat rate fee?
What do I do when I get an error code?
Is there any change in the code to check the account balance.
Network connectivity is not good in my area
Contact us to learn how we can help you
What is my postpaid plan ?
can you please tell me my current bill amount?
what are the payment options?
How much amount of personal loan i could get based on my salary?
I am happy
i have to go gym
What is my account balance
Shiv is good boy
What protection does Flipkart offer in case of lost and fraudulent customer claims?
Would I get compensation if the goods are damaged or lost in transit?
What can you do for us that other candidates cannot?
Why are you leaving your present job?
What would be interest rate on EMIs?
Tell me about a time when you had to give someone difficult feedback  How did you handle it?
Give me an example of a time you did something wrong  How did you handle it?
My ATM card is not working.
What is your personal mission statement?
What is your greatest achievement outside of work?
I did not received my refund yet ?
what is my bill account
I goto gym daily.
I am sorry, it's my bad.
4.I love to shop on weekend
you can escalate this if you want
Can you keep a secret?
Our train stopped suddenly.
to sanction home loan, bank need income tax return proof.
why voice quality is not good for my current network ?
He was caught in the act of pick-pocketing.
Can I please put your call on hold?
His main object in life was to become rich.
How can I update my new mobile number for my bank account ?
Read it again.
Some people want to amend the constitution.
Don't touch it.
For how many sim I can apply at once
Delhi is my favourite city
Do you provide WIFI facility
Can I convert prepaid number to post paid number
Please consider my promotion
what is my balance?
Where do you want to go?
I need new cheque book
I need data plan.
Is there any other way to complete this task in shorter time
Sorry, I am not able to understand your question.
Go ahead and complete
how can I check my balance talk time in my sim
Where is your home?
how can i do this
What is the status on my complaint
I want to understand this
What are the available tariff plans.
I am speaking from mars
Noida is located in Gautam Buddh Nagar district of Uttar Pradesh state. The district's administrative headquarters are in the nearby town of Greater Noida
Can I help you?
Cycling is too good for health
I want to learn java technology.
What have you learned today?
what is the temperature outside?
What is the procedure for mobile portability?
I have completed 3 projects in 6 months
I want to  Change  my permanent Address
How can I know whether my device is 4G enabled?
How can i secure my account ?
Please provide last 10 transactions of my savings bank account.
how can I reduce my interest rate of my home loan
From where can I enquire about the status of my request to change the residential address of my Bank account?
poor accessibility of network in rural area
see you soon
How can I save my tax other than 80c declaration
How can I help you?
What is the procedure to check balance?
I want to close the account
My password has expired  ?
translate the sentence to hindi
I am istqb certified
what is the distance of that place
how to reach?
Is it necessary to have good communication skills to deal with your client or customer?
How can I pay my bill?
Mark the values that are correct out of the list
what is an honors college program?
do you have problem related to your bill plan
How do I Get Bill on eMail?
As i am a java developer is there any scope for me call center?
I am not able to make outgoing calls
Are all bank branches in the country part of the NEFT funds transfer network?
What is the current balance outstanding on my loan account?
Doctor will be here any minute.
Suppose you have lost your Debit or Credit card ,what will be you do to lock your card?
I want a plan in which i can get more data.
i am good..........
I am not getting good connectivity, please check if something wrong with my Sim Card.
the total amount of your bill is 200 Rs
Could you please change my billing plan?
what is my data balance
Credit card Balance
To validate your account, may I ask you a few questions?
Today is Monday
How do I change my billing address?
what is your daily tasks
The mud clung to his shoes.
Executive: Yes sir
We all laughed at his joke.
Yes you can track the SIM card from online account.
Thank you and have a nice day.
She is too young to go to school.
I just recharged my phone. Was it successful.?
My phone was out of coverage area
I need to speak with an agent
My current bill is having discrepancy in total data usage
My previous bill is having discrepancy in total data usage
I have some more accounts which are not visible
You don't have to chat with them.
Fixed deposit means an account where we deposit amount for a maturity period on which depositor receives an fixed interest.
Total data usage in my current bill is incorrect
I want to update my new home address in your records.
Total SMS count in my current bill is incorrect
I want to purchase train tickets online
Total amount in my previous bill was wrong
What are the charges that would be applicable on my credit card?
How do I make payments to my Credit Card?
What are the fees/charges for availing a loan on the credit card?
How quickly can I get a draft if applied for loan on credit card?
How do I convert the outstanding balance on my credit card into EMI?
How do I avail an Insurance product offered on Citibank credit cards?
What are the types of utilities to which payment can be made using the Bill Pay facility?
How do I update the address on my credit card account?
i am sick today
i will always work for IBM
IBM should make its data plan
i want you to make my data plan better
My SIM is blocked
Hi, This is Chesta calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
I want to go home
i am going in a bus
Bank Manager : Do you want to open a joint or single account please?
Single account, please.
Hi, This is Devasheesh, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Vikas, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Abhas, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
I will call back.
My bill amount is incorrect
Please register my request for change in address.
what is router ?
What is the customer service desk timings?
I want to change my bill plan
How to get a new Connection? What are the documents required?
Please enter in my room.
Swati belongs to Saharanpur
Please can u explain me about credit card process
Can i talk to you senior executive?
Did you get the solution?
Tell me about new offer and plan
Can you convert my credit card bill to EMI
HOW TO CONVERT WORD FILE INTO EXCEL?
HOW TO MERGE FILES FROM PDF TO EXCEL?
HOW TO UNDERSTAND DIFFERENT COUNTRY LANGUAGE?
Why does Bank security is more important.?
HOW TO AVOID ERRORS DURING HEAVY VOLUME?
My international roaming is not working
Could you please check the network status ,I'm unable to make calls.
I have some network issues.
It is simple, fast, and efficient search.
Thanks for your interest and we hope to see you there.
My 4 GB data is not credited in my account.
Are you in front of your PC right now
my transaction is getting failed every time
That's fine, I am just going to have ask some security questions to verify you are the account holder. Date of birth?
I am looking forward to grow my career in IBM.
I am using Vodafone connection
My internet is not working.
Thank you !
tell me my mobile internet usage and bill details
I want to know my unbilled amount
tell me my bank account branch details and manager
please provide me duplicate bill
I lost my credit / debit card, need to block it immediately.
when will this get expire?
Is i need to submit any documents for changing address
This road is wet
please reboot your modem
My automatic payment did not work
In how much time address will be changed
i came back from abroad so please reactivate services
can u please explain me how to change my billing address ?
open request as issue is not resolved
i want to change address
please deactivate roaming service
illegally balance amount has been deducted
Why there is an extra charge on my credit card?
we are facing service dispute
MY BILL IS INCORRECT
I want to know about 4g data plan.
Room is required for 2 adults and 2 kids
from last few days i am unable to do video calls
How do I activate a 'Dormant' Savings Account
Will I have to pay penalty to withdraw FD before its time?
Yes. If you wish to close your fixed deposit account, your bank/finance institution will pay you 0.5 to 1 % lower interest.
Birds of same feather flock together
Food items are very delicious at particular place
Will Fixed Deposit (FD)/ Recurring Deposit (RD)/ iWish Account (VRD) amount be automatically credited in our account on the maturity date?
Is there any charge/processing fee levied for opening a Fixed Deposit account?
when will you go to office
How can i avail the mobile banking facility
I am not receiving my bill on time.
What are the packs on National Roaming and how can you activate the packs?
How can I contact Customer Care while roaming within India?
venus is the hottest planet
I want to know about money transfer.
It takes minimum 7 days to process your request
Please give me your alternate number to activate
My internet plan has been activated for today
Can you please tell me the status of my current validity plan?
Tell me the procedure to check balance by sending a message
What is the procedure of changing the address?
Please provide me the information about the data plan
What is FREQUENCY BAND for 3G?
I want to change my address.
Please remove the caller tune from my phone no.
I want to activate the Roaming service
I have received the wrong bill
I want to stop services for my dongle .
how to file an income tax return ?
I understand that you will be changing me 150/- for 3 month to activate this.
I want to resume services of my dongle
my money has been debited from my bank
I have not received my bill for current month. Can you please send it again?
Hi, I want to update my  address for my current mobile number.
India have sixty five percent young population
I have made advanced payment to my card but i cannot see that money in the bill , why my advanced money has not been added to current bill cycle
My order amount has not been refunded to my bank account.
Are you able to hear my voice ?
I have just received a text message telling me that my visa card has been suspended?
hello, How are You?
How can I get information about my prepaid balance?
How to improve your communication ?
would you like to purchase other product ?
How do I check all the value added Services on my number, How to activate new  value added Services?
What is the procedure for changing the data plans
Can you let me know the best calling plans for STD calls
Please tell me the process to order the demand draft .
Since last week I facing N/W issue can you please fix it
where is your office?
I want to keep my number in safe custody.
What is my Bill amount?
How do I choose my call plan?
I want to request for adjustment to be made for the wrong bill sent to me
Can I access my account by telephone to conduct routine daily transactions?
Listen to various radio channels
A value added service has been activated on my number, I want to discontinue it.
Please mail my current month's bill
What is the minimum duration for service contract
Do you want to activate your 3G services?
How can I link aadhaar number to my bank account?
I want to activate the International calling facility on my number
please tell me amount left on my number .
how can i get my duplicate bill?
why your broadband modem provide me lower internet limit than others
Please help to change my billing address.
Mutual Fund are investment schemes. It pools money from various investors in order to purchase securities.
Liquidity is the ability of converting an investment quickly into cash with no loss in value.
How can I activate call divert on my Idea number?
What is the validity period of a Citibank credit card?
What are the documents required for processing a credit card application and how do I submit the same?
What is the use of my credit card PINS?
What is an EMV card (Chip & PIN card)?
How can I request a new EMV card?
How can I place a request for duplicate statement?
I have not received my monthly credit card statement, what can I do?
When will the welcome bonus offers/points be credited to my account?
What are the options for redeeming my Reward Points?
How can I redeem / transfer my points to get air miles?
Why was I charged a processing fee for cheque payment made to my card account?
How do I claim a refund of the excess balance on my credit card account?
How can I convert a credit card purchase / transaction into EMI?
What are the charges levied on the card for EMI conversions?
What is renewal procedure for the insurance product availed by me?
What are the valid address proof documents?
I wish to update my billing address.
Do I have to accept TDR's final decision?
What can I complain about?
I want bangalore location.
How to change billing address?
I want to know the status of the last recharge.
I want to know the status of the last recharge.
What is the difference between VISA card and MasterCard?
What are The Different Types of Fixed Deposits?
Is there any charge/processing fee levied for opening a Fixed Deposit account?
I was communicated an interest of 8% however, I have not received the same.
What are the various documents I need to submit for opening a Fixed Deposit account?
Is the interest on FD taxable? What is the taxable amount?
Will I get a FD Advice?
I need my FD certificate /Receipt
I want to know my last bill details.
I wish to renew my FD
We respect customers
Is TDS deductible on the interest earned on term deposits?
How do I update my Mobile number/Email address for my credit card?
What are the Interest rates offered by ICICI Bank on Fds?
What are the charges applicable on Fixed Deposit (FD) for premature closer within 7 days from the date of opening an FD?
Will I get a FD Advice?
Whether all deposit holder need to sign while opening and closing deposits ?
How do I change the status of auto renewal facility of a fixed deposit?
Will I receive a confirmation for completion of top-up?
I want to make use of this facility but I do not have my Internet Banking User ID/Password. How can I obtain it?
I want to make use of this facility but I do not have my Internet Banking User ID/Password. How can I obtain it?
Where can I enter the denomination of Recharge amount?
When my Bank Account will be debited?
Alright. open both.
What if I select the wrong operator during Prepaid recharge?
Is there any additional charge levied by the Bank/ Operator?
What will be the increase in talk-time limit?
What is Safe Custody?
How can I obtain Internet Banking User ID/Password to use Mobile Recharge facility?
How to extend the tenure of my Safe Custody?
How to extend the tenure of my Safe Custody?
What do I do if I have a faulty or damaged sim?
How do I earn reward points?
What are the options for redeeming my Reward Points?
How can I check my reward points summary?
Where are you going?
How many months statements can I view Online.? Do you have any threshold?
How to register the credit card for 3D Secure PIN?
Their food does not digest properly.
Not may be but I am.
You do not know the importance of exercise
There is a dispute in my bill plan?
Please activate DND service on mobile number
delete all the files
You are talking to Sanjib
Will I be charged extra for doing payment through ATM?
personal loan interest
demo discs df sd f add sdfsd
How can I check available balance in my account.
Please help me to get demand draft
how can i applu demand draft from internet banking
How can i cancel my demand draft
is i need to go bank branch to cancel demand draft
is it possible i can cencel my demand draft through internet banking
i need more information on balance recharge
I want to increase my credit limit
i want refund on my deposit money
ok i escalate your issue so get it resolve on priority
Please correct my billing issue
May I know your good name?
Let me know about the SMS packs.
Delhi is the capital of India.
where is the recharge shop.
i want to inquire about personal loan.
i have stopped you value added service sir
Show the spend analysis for last week on my Debit card?
Schedule my Rent for 10th of every month.
what is my customer id?
What is my mobile banking password?
I need to apply for new credit card.
Guide me on how to transfer money online.
How can I remove the beneficiary from the payment options?
Where can I locate the ATM for the bank?
Can you tell me your area and mobile phone number.
We know that making a choice here can be difficult. We can review your options again if you'd like!
Can you tell me my current bill plan?
We aren't able to solve this issue without some more information.
I want to subscribe international calling on my cell number
If it's okay with you, we'll need to collect a little bit of additional information before we proceed.
What is the procedure to change a signed check into cash amount ?
what will be interest rate on 5 years fixed deposit
Would you like me to refer you to my supervisor?
I want to change my billing address.
I want to change data plan.
What proofs do i require to open a bank account?
Why I am facing slowness while browsing any websites?
Where is my ATM PIN?
I am not happy with your service
I want to change my data package
How much is my account balance?
May i know the status of this unresolved ticket
what is your biller name
How do I check all the VAS Services on my number, How to activate new VAS?
How many days maximum would the bank require to re-credit the account for such wrong debits?
How old are you?
What is the distance between Delhi and Noida?
Please provide me PUK for my number
I am not having Monday blues and see I am writing on Watsonn .
i have an enquiry / issue with mobile number portability.I want to have an itemized bill. I want to activate /deactivate value added service
Will I be able to close the recurring account before its tenure period?
What else do i need for this?
can i place you on hold
How do I know the current status of Porting request?
Please help deactivating my value add service of data pack
How should I go Home today
kindly activate my number
my internet is too slow
how do i activate my sim
I want to make a change to my subscription pack?
You may check the status of your recent recharges using the following avenues:
Click on the Recharge History tab on your account home screen to get the status of your recharges.
I want to understand my current usage charges
Please login to airtel and go to usage section for your account to understand the current usage charges.
I want to swap my SIM
Can I switch between CDMA & GSM or vice-versa
What is a missed call alert
Customer : Hello! My name is Tanuj Goyal.
I want a duplicate bill of last month on my other email address.
You can expect the number to be ported by a week.
Missed call alerts is an SMS based service
You can go for various types of postpaid plans:my Plan- Flexibility to choose the plans as you like, no wastage
I want deactivate my caller tone service on my mobile number,
I am post-paid customer. Will I get the same plan with new Mobile Operator as with my current Mobile operator
If you are on advance rental plan, upon transfer of ownership you will not get the benefit of advance rental and would be charged new rental as per the plan.
There should not be any due amount (billed/current usage) in your account.
Please wait a while
Please hold for some time
how can i get this information?
I need the recharge summary of last 7 days
I have one sim i want change owner name
why you transfer my call ?
How is the weather today
Does Parking Panda own or operate these parking locations?
How is the distance to my destination calculated? Is this the walking distance?
how are you
Will I get a receipt for my transaction?
i need to change my data plan.
how to change my plan
We really do appreciate this feedback
How can I update my address in bank?
What is the interest rate on credit card?
Can I change my ATM pin through mobile banking
Can I decrease tenure of my car loan
I want to apply for additional debit card
Could you say me the best plan for messaging
Please send me duplicate bill for the month of July 2017.
Can agents multitask in free time?
What are your payment terms and conditions?
We’ll keep you posted as quickly as possible
How do I close my account?
What is a scheduled transfer?
India is the hindu country
what is mobile number portability
How many states in India?
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Priyanka, How may I assist you?
I want to deposit cash
what are you doing
i am doing my work
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Vikas, How may I assist you?
i will take revenge
what are you doing
I want to know my call details
I do not care.
What is my call plan?
I want to change my bill plan
to confirm please press one
I want to activate international roaming on my number
I live in Delhi
I want to resign
How much maximum amount I can withdraw through ATM at a time?
I want to change my Bill plan.
Where are you? Who are you with? When will you come?
What is the minimum amount to open a saving account?
how can i replace my sim
Innovation is mandatory for any IT company
where is my debit card
India is a democratic country
what will be charges for doing the mnp?
How much will it take to complete the port?
Can I make a monthly reservation for only one month?
Do I have to have the app to use my mobile confirmation?
Which country are you from
What if I can't print my pass?
What is the maturity value of my fixed deposit
This bag is of which brand?
I want to buy a new Laptop.
Today I have received a wearied E-mail.
I have a car.
How old are you ?
How much I spent last two weeks on my credit card
What is my account balance?
Nice advice. It’s a sure help for me
I want to receive my bill to my mail
My mobile is lost. Help me with tracing the device location, using IMEI.
I want to know my current bill summary
Happy to help you
whom did i call recently
I want to deactivate the safe custody on my number
Why i was not notified about the change in billing plan ?
how many times I should log a ticket for my issue
I want to know about the taxes on my current bill
I want to know the bill for my international roaming package
how can i change my number?
Send me savings account statement for last 3 months
I want to know my balance amount.
Could you please transfer my call to your manager?
will i get the booking offer if I book home after an week
what is my bill amount for this month.
i want to raise the request to issue a new cheque book.
Just now I have recharged my number but balance has not been updated.
one of my favorite sport is cricket which I play regularly
Can you please deactivate my Sim?
i will be late for office today
What is my bill amount?
My bill amount is incorrect
internet is not working in my sim
I need credit note
how to do MNP
Any charges to make part payment are levied
how to get receipt for cheque book?
Please inform your team about this important
What is my data balance
I want to know about my phone network data usage.
I want to get the tariff details for new plan
Please activate internet services on my mobile.
I want to deactivate my caller tune service. Can you help me with that?
I don't know how to operate this computer.
How are you doing my friend?
what are the steps to take home loan ?
what if I cannot pay the EMI on time for home loan, is there any penalty applicable from bank ?
I like the blue one. How much does it cost?
Please get in.
Do you have 4G sim ?
How many minutes you talk in your mobile phone per day
Incredible
What is the age limit for applying mobile connection
what is my bill due date ?
I need the last 6 months statements
I am an employee of a company and need CUG plan of the same company.
Make a call to customer service and raise a complaint for wrong bill amount within one week they will resolve your issue
I want to receive message alert for transaction
can you please tell me your manager's name?
Sir, your nearest service centre is opposite pillar number 34,nearPatel Ngar metro station.
What all documents do I need to carry ?
could you please give us sometime to resolve the issue?
Why i am getting very low network coverage in my area?
what are the store timings ?
when will i get back my money?
What are the different tariff plans for STD?
old habits die hard
Why adhar card is mandatory?
How are you?
Brother what is the time ?
I am not happy with the service.
I want to give Feedback On Customer Service.
Validations has been cleared.
Hello Do you have caller tune for your mobile
I am facing problem in my internet connection.
This is regarding ticket number 1234
Disconnect my data service.
what is my bill amount?
How to activate Internet service?
What are the plans for International call rates?
Thank you for calling watson.
How to deactivate DND (Do Not Disturb) service ?
how to manage plans online?
Please provide you 4 digit ATM pin.
What is the total bill amount i need to pay?
Please provide your bank details?
How i can download Self Service Applications ?
I have lost my phone, can you please help me in tracking it.
I didn't receive my bill statement this month
I want to change my address.
My mobile is not working
My mobile number has changed , so I want my registered number at your bank to be updated.
What is my name?
What is my data tariff ?
The best place to visit near my place
I want 4th generation sim card, please tell me the best place where I can get in.
Can you please confirm your date of birth for security reasons ?
My outgoing calls are not working
Thank you for being patient .
I need a new sim card
Thank you for calling IBM Call Care.
What would be the size of locker?
I want to apply for loan.
what's your name
Tom and I'll both be there.
May i know my current balance amount and the validity of my account?
She forgot to feed her dog.
Nature should not be compromised with develpoment
How to do online fund transfer
How to check my data balance ?
what is the download speed in 3G?
Thank you for calling.
How to update my bank account profile information
why the waiting time is too long on call
When will I get confirmation of my tour package
What are the different data tariff plans?
What is Accounts Receivable?
What is the process of mobile ownership transfer?
What if I don′t like the new Mobile operators services and wanted to go back to my old Mobile Operator
How are you?
Can an employee be a Vendor?
How to deactivate value added services to the new connection
i work for IBM
Do I need to make any payment while starting a new Post-paid connection? Will this amount be refundable?
within 24hours it will be processed
As per your request, we have deactivated your value added services.
I want to receive my last 3 bills
What is your favourite Singer
Thanks for waiting
Can i talk to your supervisor
i'll sue you
I want port my mobile number from airtel to bsnl
what is the offer
You can also buy prepaid connection from independent sales agent or direct sales agent
I want the Deactivation of Message Services for my number.
The fan was on.
i want my mobile munber tracked
I am good.
Are you angry with me ?
what was the my left over 4G data in last Month cycle
No. That’s it. Thanks again.
but, here it is again,
What is my bill amount ?
what is my name
Can you please help me?
How do I understand my bill? (Bill Explanation)
Do you know who your internet provider is?
my system is down and I need to speak with a technician
Kindly check if the computer is properly plugged in
Yes, I seem to have trouble opening my computer
Do the call centres get criticised and if so, for what?
Yes, Ashu, you did, sweetie! Goodbye!
Thanks again, Good bye!
I want to alter my bill plan.
what is my current usage
Hello, I want to send demand draft of rupees 10,000 to ABC limited company in Delhi. Could you please help me for same?
How will the cheque book reach me?
Still my problem is not resolved
Are you facing the same issue repeatedly?
There is problem of signals in my area. I request you to put booster in my region.
Hello How are you
what are you doing
Why is my ATM card not valid?
Can I block my sim if my phone is lost ?
How long is my SIM card good for ?
how do i open a new bank account?
How to get rental rebate ?
i want to change my sim
Today we have party at night.
I need to talk to your supervisor
Hi and Welcome to the English Bank. What can I do for you today?
how will the cheque book reach me
why are you learning
Could I ask you a few questions to better understand what you’re looking for?
i need to go to bank today
what is the validity of cheque
watson should learn hindi
What are the different types of Debit Card?
how much is the rate of interest for senior citizen deposits
I am not well and I need immediate assistance
What will be my monthly installment ?
how can i make the bill payment ?
when can i get the payment receipt?
where do I get groceries in this place?
How to get net banking option
Can i make the bill payment thru net banking after due date.
What are the different Banking service requests that I can make online?
Are there any Banking Alerts that I can subscribe for?
I want a cheque book
What all can I do if my Demat relationship is linked?
I did not receive my cheque book yet.
Whom do I contact for the bill related issues ?
Sim Related
Need your support
Can you put the phone on hold for sometime?
unable to attend the meeting
Is there anything else may I help you with
I am not able to make calls. What do I do?
can I get two SIM using same ID proof ?
what are the roaming charges in India
Could I please speak to your senior on the floor.
what is your name?
where are your from?
Goodbye sir
I want to change my Bill Plan
Sir May I know your register  Mobile number/ job id number?
I am not able to hear you
Please change my ATM pin
what is your birth date?
what is your mobile number?
have a good day..!
My Data pack is not working
You need to help me in solving this problem.
I want to know the status of my PPF account.
I want to change the phone number of my savings account
What is my bill amount
Do you want to apply for any nominees
what is the current bill plan?
Please stay on the line while we transfer your call to our representative.
How to pay bill using my credit card?
I want a new cheque book, could you please help me?
Where are the customer care centres
i want to change the current bill plan.
I got an incorrect bill for my roaming calls! I need help
When is your birthday?
Do you commute daily to school from your home?
You would like to deactivate both local and STD Messaging services
I am not getting 3G data on my number
Is the network store open on Sunday?
How can I take my complaint back?
Send me plan coverage for mobile account.
What is the procedure to data recharge for any mobile.
Send me the procedure to recharge of mobile balance
data packs
I receive my cheque book but name on it is different.
Please convert my credit card spends to EMI
I have been running this data plan for 2 years. Can I change my plan?
Set standing instruction for my debit card bills
I do not have a ATM card.How can I get ATM card?
What does it mean by callback service ?
Can I choose my new number ?
Who is a recipient operator ?
Will Open Network help me get faster internet?
3G provide us wireless broadband services at cheaper rates
What document required for the opening of the new saving account in your bank?
Do I require a special kind of handset while roaming internationally?
Why am I billed for roaming even when I have not visited any roaming location in the last billing period?
i am facing the issue with the network
i want to change my billing address
tell me the nearest hospital location number
you are good but i am little better
i want to apply for the new ATM card.
What is my data balance
I want to change my profile details.
I want to swap my SIM
How to change my contact number?
can i apply this recharge plan on my account  ?
Please hold while I check your account in our system.
Madam, apparently that is an old bill.
Please release my home loan amount.
My recharge is not completed
What are the types of pack available for my number?
what is my data balance
The mud clung to his shoes.
what is the rate of interest in this bank for FD?
What are the cheque book issuance charges?
How to Tell Customers You Need Some Time to Resolve Their Issue
I love eating pasta
I am a housewife.
i want to change my saving account password
i want to change my coverage plan
i want to change my study loan details
Can i speak to your superior
thanks you for your help
Please look into this.
i wan to apply for loan
What is the current interest rate of fixed deposit.
My new sim is not activated.
The hotspot connection is not working in my area.
I want check my savings account balance.
what is the procedure to open a new saving account
Navigate to the "Your Profile" heading and click "Update street address
i want to request for a duplicate credit card bill
What is the interest rate applicable for Encash?
How will the Encash amount be disbursed to me?
My name is Albert
Who is a Person of Indian origin?
I want that my mobile bill payment will auto debit from my account
How can I check status of Fixed Deposit Application?
How do i avail DTAA benefit ?
Hello  ,I had some query regarding my current Network
Do you have any other plan as per my requirement.
Is part-prepayment of a home Loan allowed?
want to understand why i need to pay extra money in this bill.
What is the best calling plan for my number
we should respect our parents
what is the better plan compared to Rs. 199 within Rs. 250?
How can i change my address details in bank account
As a first step the government had urged people to create bank accounts under Jan Dhan Yojana.
Have you understood my issue?
My Bank Account number have wrong name
I want to en-quire about home loan
I want to Cancel My Order
May I know your Email ID?
How much time it will take to update
How much time it will take to pass the loan
What can I do for you?
I want 100 bucks
Please tell me my account balance
Please can you assist me with some bank details
Bye bye Watson ....
how much money is there in the bank ?
is any timing for fund transfer through net banking
What is my data balance
I want to change the plan
Are you using wireless network?
Can you get someone to check the signal and take action?
I have an issue with broadband connectivity
Customer Care Executive: Ok sir. May I know you phone number and Name?
Please verify your mobile number
I want to know the status of my order
Here there is no signal
I am feeling good today .
What are the late payment charges?
I’m so sorry that you feel this way,
please pay your bill
My bill amount is incorrect
one moment please
My bill is not correct since last 2 months.
You can not check Internet data balance or SIM card validity/balance in this device
Avoiding social packs would be best solution
To dispute a charge on your credit card bill, you can call the card issuer
Let your card issuer know about the problem right away
How to enter my PAN number?
what is my outstanding amount ?
I have been charged a late fee
there was balance deduction on my number
Please make entry in my passbook.
what is your amount balance in current account ?
I did a transaction with my mobile number but payment was failed in the middle of transaction amount was deducted
For the quick resolution, I would request you to listen to me first
Very Useful information
I have raised a request with my mobile number and it is closed but my problem still persist
I am unsatisfied with your response
i transferred this call for proper resolution
Media is best place of promotional scheme
what should i press for customer feedback?
i have issues with my bill
Please allow your approval to provide customer details
how to check promotional schemes
I want to update my alternate number with my mobile number
what is Feedback Sales&Marketing?
how to check status of reactivation
i need duplicate bills
what is the issue to send bill on mail?
Send me my credit card statement from [April/last financial year]?
what documents required to change address
how to deactivate bill on mail
Let's go and see as many things as we can.
Saying and doing are two different things.
Total call duration in my previous bill was incorrect
I need a new sim card
I am viewing old balance in my account
I need to activate DND service for my number
I want to know my current usage
Can I transfer my Current Account from one branch to another?
Pay your bill by net banking
An Apple ID is a user name you use for everything you do with Apple
I haven't received the my debit card. please check
I am busy right now.
do I have to register dnd again when moving to another state
What is your address ?
my email my last month bill statement
I want to change my bill plan
why we are here ?
Is their any roaming charges.
How to deactivate roaming services on my number ?
how long will i take to get pregnant after i stop using the pill?
How to active  value added services to the existing connection
I need a help on my suspended card
I want to know about my last 5 transactions
I love my hometown Gorakhpur
I want to know about my account balance
I want to know my last month bill amount.
Love your life
What is the process for fuel surcharge waiver?
Please update your contact number.
Please provide your email id.
Janakpuri famous for district centre
What is your name?
Keep in mind, however, it can take up to number of days to process a refund request.
I can certainly cancel your subscription.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Would you mind taking a few minutes to give me some feedback?
we’re really glad we were able to solve this problem for you.
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong
How do I go about wiring money to or from an institution?
Love is energy of life.
I want to change my billing address
What about the contents of my safe deposit box? Does FDIC insurance cover safe deposit boxes?
Can I change the billing address displayed in my account?
Within what time will I get the items redeemed against the rewards points?
Do the Reward Points accrued on my card expire?
How can I view the status of my previous orders?
What is Balance Transfer (BT)?
What happens if you are unable to deliver the item?
How can I avail BT on EMI service?
Can I repay the amount due before the EMI tenure ends?
Can I convert all my card transactions into Flexipay?
I recharged for 20 rs but i don't see that amount reflected in my account.
I haven't received the bill yet for this month.
A demand draft is a negotiable instrument similar to a bill of exchange.
A bank issues a demand draft to a client (drawer), directing another bank (drawee) or one of its own branches to pay a certain sum to the specified party (payee).
Can you tell me the call and data rates on my number.
What do you mean by Inbound call centre?
If any fraud happen , always contact your bank first .
Never share your password .
how to open a new bank account
Is there any training process underlined for your contact center agents?
The ringing sound you hear when you call someone can be replaced by a music clip/ voiceover clip, This is your caller tune
Custom caller tunes talk about your firm/enterprise and give a background about what you do.
Can I preview the CallerTunes before choosing to buy?
Quick/ Instant Mobile Bill Pay: through Net Banking Or Credit Card
What can I do if my proof of identity document does not contain my address ?
Can you provide me the email address to submit proofs ?
How many days are required to reflect the changes in billing address ?
I want to link my phone with aadhar card
what are the documents required for opening an account?
where is my house
What are the different fixed deposit plans available?
Who was CHANDRAGUPTA MAURYA?
How many sim I can use in this mobile set
You really have customer friendly services.
I need the best data plan at the same price
Sure Sir, I have sent the last month statement to your email ID. Can you check if you have received it?
I want to activate international roaming pack
What is 3G Network?
Have a good day
I want to reduce my bill plan
I am using a Samsung phone
Hi Welcome to  banking  services
Have a great day ahead
do you believe me?
I want to reactivate my SIM
I want to do Payment Enquiry .
Hello I want to cancel the cheque which I given to Mr watson
What is minimum balance i can keep in account?
How much money i can withdraw at one time?
How long does it take to port to the new Mobile Service Provider?
How old is Donald Trump?
Please change my billing address
I went to ATM for withdrawing money
why you have not call me back
Why is the sky blue?
i want to buy a prepaid sim
I am thinking to go for a walk
Please Provide me Credit Card Details.
please call me back
What is the difference between a manager and a leader?
where do you live?
what are activities planed for today ?
Here is the application form. Please fill it and give it to the saving bank counter.
can you give a demand draft?
Okay, Thank you for the information.
May I know the recharge status of my mobile
Did something change in my plan/tariff?
What is back office?
What does virtual call centre technology provides?
I know you.
I want to check status of my sim activation.
I want to activate roaming pack for a week on my number
How long does it take to activate a new SIM card?
The transaction has been cancelled because of the receiver's account limit is set to 15000 USD for 30 days.
I need an add on credit card.
I am being charged extra on services i am not aware of.
what is my bill amount.
My monthly bill is not correct can you please explain the details?
I am working in a high priority ticket
please initiate a conference call
Can you please tell me what is my current available balance.
Executive: Ok sir, plese tell me is this complaint about the same number from which you are talking
Can a Business loan be Pre-approved?
For changing the billing address you need to provide a copy of your passport
She suddenly became famous.
Sure sir, please confirm your mobile number first.
I am facing trouble with my recharge.
My call was on hold for one hour
Every time I am doing the recharge, error occurs.
Kindly guide me to activate my SIM card.
The paint hasn't dried yet.
We don't know where we are.
I want to order a demand draft, please tell me the procedure.
We've got that figured out.
Summer is the season I like best.
This is what I found in the cave.
Did you mean to tell me that this is not correct?
My previous bill is having discrepancy in total amount
How may I help you
Do you have any accounts with us at the moment?
my billing address changed
How can the IFSC of a bank-branch be found?
Hello, My Name is Watson.
what is the weather like?
who is the first president of india
My data balance as of today?
to go back to previous menu please press zero
How to pay due amount..?
How many months are there in an year?
nearest beach to my location
I like playing badminton.
I want to go my home
Does Mobile number portability also leads to changes in the number.
I did not received my refund for cancellation of last offer
How may i help you?
Your account number is located at the top right hand corner of the bill statement. It’s a 9 digit code.
Please explain me the debit transaction in my bill statement ?
Kindly deliver my ATM PIN information at my residential address.
Not able to make call
Can I also have your phone number?
I am learning Hindi
How are you
Can you please waive off my penalty?
You have to be in office on time tomorrow onwards
My salary is in which tax slab
Thanks a lot my dear friend
do you want to check your credit balance?
I want to know about the 4g Data plans.
I want to change my billing address
Take your own time to check these details
Apologies for your inconvenience.
What should I expect on my first bill?
I dont want promotion calls
I need my account statements.
If I change my plan in the middle of a bill cycle, how are my minute, text and data allowances affected?
which medicine should I take for cold and headache.
I did not get any information about this.
When was my last payment done
Prevention is better than the cure
Who am I?
i want to know promotional schemes.
I want to change my address
When is the last payment date of my current Bill
What is your company value in market
When will I get my refund amount for canceling a product ?
What is my bank account balance
Today we will celebrate the festival of Diwali together.
Shout aloud
I have lost my ATM card, so I request you to reset my ATM PIN.
I want to update my registered mobile number.
I want to know my data balance
MAY I PAY MY NEXT TWO MONTHS ELECTRICITY BILL IN ADVANCE?
Can you please give me last withdraw date ?
What do you do ?
Who is your manager
Late payment charges are included, due to unpaid last bill
In which places within India, can I use the roaming services?
Why am I billed for roaming even when I have not visited any roaming location in the last billing period?
Savings Bank Account is account of nominal interest which can only be used for personal purpose and which has some restrictions on withdrawal.
EFT – (Electronic Fund Transfer) use Automatic teller machine, wire transfer and computers to move funds between different accounts in different or same bank.
How do I check the status of my Citibank credit card application?
How do I generate or change my credit card PINS?
What are modes of credit card statement and how do I view / get a statement?
i have to transfer my balance
I am going home tomorrow.
you are a good person
could you please do me a favor
When do you want to meet me?
What is GPS
thanks for your cooperation.
Your network problem will  be corrected very soon
how do i check my bank balance from internet
where did you go?
I like greenery .
Can I talk to you now regarding some family matters ?
i want to change my sim card to 4g sim card
How are you
How is the weather condition today?
do you provide 4G plans
This number should be retained for reference purposes when contacting the Service Desk.
what is your highest qualification?
Do you eat chocolate?
Im not feeling well today.
the approval mail has been sent to approvers
I want to know about my call and data plan expiry date.
How can I activate DND services?
Which article grant pardoning power of Governor State of India
how to activate my international roaming
this request has been completed by team
What was the objective of BRICS in China recently
Hello How are you ?
Why India came into picture of Doklam dispute between Bhutan and China ?
You are looking good today
What is your telephone number i can call you on
I like color of your dress.
Team Lead have missed SLA in critical termination request
How do I check my Bills on the Website?
new tool have been created for this account
Narendra Modi is current Prime minister of India.
I have query regarding my credit card due amount.
What is your name?
how do i use mobile number portability service
you are not audible
How can I help you and please share your name and Date of birth details
Kindly let me know the nearest bank branch located in my area.
How are you?
How to transfer the money from USA to India account?
How was your day?
Why my main balance deducted without any information?
Is it compulsory to furnish Aadhaar Card for opening an account
how to block numbers from banks for personal loan
But there was sufficient balance in my account.
You should not have enmity with the crocodile if you are living in the water
how can I increase my credit score
I am not keeping well today.
what is the rate of interest for a loan if i have to purchase a land from your bank.
How do I activate my prepaid plan?
What should be done if ATM card is lost / stolen
Thanks a lot
Whoever is born will die, be it a king or a beggar
I am feeling pain in an ear.
I want to change my data package
What are the different tariff plans for Local calls?
Can i know the validity of my sim?
customer care:- Please share your card details
I want to meet you
What are the timings for locker operations?
Thanks for changing the plan
May I have a glass of water.
Thank you for your service
Can you please activate international roaming facility on my mobile number?
There is some network problem in our office.
I need to change this plan.
I want to convert my Micro sim to Nano sim.
I would like to claim my mobile expenses.
Are happy with our service ?
How to deactivate Internet service?
Thank you, Tell me how can we help you...
How can I modify the Standing Instruction on Debit Card details set for a biller
For more information about IBM , press 2.
If you are an existing customer, please press 3.
Thank you for calling Bank of Wealth! Good bye!
Can I trade stocks?
Do you need it?
i want to activate the DND service
How to link mobile number to bank account.
How to reboot system?
National Electronic Funds Transfer (NEFT) is a nation-wide payment system facilitating one-to-one funds transfer.
MY AMOUNT IS NOT CORRECT
There is coverage Problem in my area .
Whom to contact for technician issue
Please tell me PO number  for which you are looking for payment
How to cook chicken biryani?
What can I complain about?
What isn't covered by TDR?
Do I have to change my service provider? Phone numbers? Equipment?
I would like to fly out of Los Angeles International Airport.
What kind of bank account do you want to open—Savings Account or Current Account?
Now take this application form.
Beware of fraudulent communication
Do I need a separate handset to use 4G services?
I like to eat
How to know my recent deductions?
What are the packs on National Roaming and how can you activate the packs?
Can I call Customer Care while roaming internationally?
What is a session?
Can I see details of my account online?
How can I check my outstanding and due date information?
In how many days/hrs will my number get activated in new circle?
If I do MNP what will be the impact in my bill?
how i can access my account online
how i can download mobile app
How to open a new bank account?
Yes, hello. I have a question about my bill.
What do you mean?
How can i see my balance loan amount ?
You can do all your day-to-day banking over the telephone 24 hours a day.
Just tell me how you’re going to help me with my billing question.
Okay, I’ll just put you on hold…
How much i have to pay for 1 GB mobile data ?
I want to buy a new Prepaid Sim.
I want to block a number.
I have received a duplicate bill. Please provide me this month's bill
I see. I’m going to have to consult with a colleague. I’ll be back with you soon—in 2 or 3 minutes max.
What is maximum limit for fund transfer?
Where I can see 3G related demo?
How do I get my account transferred from one branch to another?
good morning
I love to play volleyball
what is my bill amount
I am having problem getting my internet  details.
How can I check if network is working?
Why should I take voice VPN Service ?
Can you send me a copy of my billing plan?
What is my billing cycle date?
I want to change my bill plan
I want to know the status of my application request.
I did not received my check book.
Please help me to upgrade my mobile connection from 3G to 4G
My mobile number is not working.
i have lost my atm card.
What is acceptable documentation?
how will i know network complaint has been resolved
How many debit cards will I receive?
What are the Various SMS BASED VALUE ADDED SERVICE available on my mobile number?
What should I do if my debit card(s) are lost or stolen?
how do i registered dnd on my mobile number
What are the Various Sports related VALUE ADDED SERVICE available on my mobile number?
Can you please run a speedtest on your phone by accessing the following link?
I have great interest in iphone.
I am 3 years experienced
My bill amount is incorrect
Is there a way I can be confirming my balance other than though the ATM?
Could you please activate the new plan that i have asked for
Please explain tax calculation on my bill
I like to join this healthy conversation.
Write your address clearly
How can I help you.
I love my country
How much interest will I get on Fixed deposit for more than one year?
Is there any time limit for the card issuing banks for recrediting the customers account for a failed ATM
What should be done to the ATM card when the card is expired or the account is closed?
It was a long day.
Do you understand what I am saying
i am getting a better plan from your competition.
please open your phone's network settings.
I am playing cricket
How can I help you?
Hi, My data plan is not activated so far.
Where do you want to go?
What was my bill in the month of last January?
The amount of salary will be credited in the saving bank account of the employee.
How to use SAP JAM feature in Success Factors application?
where is my order ?
What was my bill in the month of last september?
I am traveling to different state, do you have some good roaming plans
is there a top up plan to increase my data for current month
you are genius
How are we preforming?
Please pay your bills in time.
What is a membership fee and when will it be levied?
What is the processing fee for cash payment for my credit card at the ATM?
How do I make a  RTGS payment?
How do I cancel a Standing Instruction?
How do I register for payment for my credit card account?
Would reward points be given for booking a loan against credit card limit?
How do I cancel the Insurance product availed by me?
may i know your name ?
Can you please confirm 4G compatibility for my SIM card
My name is Rohit
our train stopped suddenly.
Every thing is fair in love and war
i want to change my bill plan
I would like to close my postpaid connection as I am getting better plans with another Service provider.
If you get it what will you do to in hence process
have a great day
You need to sumbit the following documents.
What is the last payment date on my loan?
What is the last payment date on my car loan?
What is my data balance .
The lack of career progression in the institution resulted in the demoralization of its staff.
What is the last payment date on my two wheeler loan?
What is the last payment date on my two wheeler loan?
what is the interest rate for home loan
what is the interest rate for home loan
What do you do all day long?
What all documents are required for the home loan?
I just paid my phone bill two days ago but my payment is not reflected in the bill.
How to update aadhar number for my savings account on your bank website
The world faced tsunami tragedy in 2004
I would like to know the reason for rejecting my Mobile Number Portability request.
Could you Please tell me how long it will take my number to get ported ?
what is sim replacement process
I want to activate this value added service
May I please confirm that you are the account holder
Hello I would like to know the details of the new schemes launched by your organisation
I am extremely happy.
Is there any registration fee?
Tell me the 3 best things about you.
My name is Rajan
Can you tell me different offers about car loans
I am working as sales lead
Do I need VAT and CST number to sell on Amazon?
How do I sell on Flipkart?
Who decides the price of the products?
When can I start selling?
How do I price my products?
I want to know my mobile recharge is done or not
May i know different recharge plans
May i know different recharge plans
Can i recharge through you
What is the frequency of interest payout for a Savings Account
This pen is not working
give reminders frequently
I want to change language of on my phone from Hindi to English
I am not able to download an application though my account has been charged. What should I do?
I am trying to download an application but nothing seems to happen?
How often can I change my Credit Card limits?
How do I avail BookMyShow offer?
I have converted a transaction into EMI on credit card. I have not received the amortisation schedule of the EMI. Whom should I approach?
If you could ask your pet 3 questions, what would they be?
Which class are you studying in?
Whatâ€™s your favorite thing about one of your grandparents?
I want the User ID and Password for my credit card login?
What do you think is the greatest invention of all time?
I want to add a nominee to my existing fixed deposit
I want itemized bill for current month
Do you have any accounts with us at the moment?
Can you please book a taxi for me?
My account is debited but I have not done transaction.
I am not getting stable network on my mobile.
I want to see television now
7) To  reduce international call charges?
My legs are hurting
How do I reactivate my SIM card?
What documents are required to open a bank account ?
My credit limit is showing zero
Give your phone number
What is my Balance amount?
where is your office ?
My number is 1234567890
Thank you for calling me
what are the roaming charges applicable for international traveling
What qualifications are required to get into the domain of Finance & Accounting ?
i need to change my house number in customer detail
Please provide a list of all active services on my number.
Do I get incoming call free during international roaming
I want to deactivate my SIM
my new billing address is shared in the site
Please could you help me to change my address?
I am unable to transfer funds today, what are the timings for transferring funds through NEFT or IMPS?
Is there anything we can assist you with.?
have a good Day
who is the best leader
what is your address
what are your hobbies
I want new connection for my data card
What is the document needed for my new connection
I am very tired
how to reach mumbai from delhi
please enter your service id
I had not yet received my cheque at my given address, please check
I am going to a place.
What is my bill amount?
what is your father's occupation?
Why do you want to work in a call centre?
Are you comfortable working with multiple phone lines?
Keep the ATM card safely.
I want to change my billing address
I want to update the my address to the new address
what is my bill amount?
Please provide me the list of corporate tariffs available for my number?
What is my bill amount
I am facing problem with the 4G network.
I want to deactivate my number
I want to order new cheque book.
I want a new SIM
I want to activate my international roaming.
If I upgrade to 4G does my current number need to change?
What are the processing fees charged by the bank for home loan?
Customer: Yes
What is my current balance?
I am not able to make calls, is my SIM still not activated?
I want to deactivate my SIM card.
can i withdraw money from other banks by same debit card
Executive: Sir I have checked the details and found that you have not cleaned up your browser history for a long time
This word comes from Greek.
Tom and I'll both be there.
Turn off the light, please.
We should keep our promise.
I've lost my debit card, would like to block it.
Request to change my billing address
Executive: Yes sir. Do you need any other information?
I want to change my billing address
I have not received my cheque book from last 15 days. What is the status.
She is two years younger than me.
The boy stripped off his clothes.
My current bill is having discrepancy in total amount
I want to know the details of my last 5 transactions
I want to know the nearest ATM to my home
STD facility is not working on my number please help
my name is kadeer
my name is kadeer
Most banks are unable to maintain capital adequacy ratio.
I want to change my tariff plan
how can i get my TDS certificate?
Can you reset my ATM pin?
I can dial external numbers
How to activate DND facility in my number?
I want to get my address updated in the bill
What are the current recharge offers available?
Which Broadband Plans you have
How can i help you?
My last recharge was not successful
Who would you like to live like for a day?
Would you rather live for a week in the past or the future?
Whatâ€™s your most embarrassing childhood memory?
After this call you will receive feedback call, please provide you feedback so that we can improve our services
Is there anything else i can do for you
what are the Roaming call charges ?
What are the internet/data APN settings?
How do I keep a track of my Mobile internet usage ?
What is your name?
I want to kill you
I want to study
The bill amount is Rs 200/-
What should be done to the ATM card when the card is expired or the account is closed?
my name is akhilesh
Will I be charged for using complimentary lounge access feature on eligible debit cards?
How is it going today?
Where is my house
Can I use my Credit/Debit card to make internet or on-line purchases ?
how can i purchase it?
How to reset my atm pin?
then click on united kingdom pack
I want to change my bill plan
What is your name
I want to have my itemized bill for this month.
You can check the status by it
I would like to enquire for a small bank locker for my personal use
HOW TO STOP PAYMENT OF A CHEQUE ISSUED
How are you ?
please reset my pin
HOW TO PAY THE BILL
please reset my pin
i my credit card to be blocked
I want to know my current bill plan
Is my PAN & Aadhar linked to my Bank Account?
My phone is not working?
can you please escalate this case to concerned department
i want to get new postpaid connection
I want to receive my last 3 bills.
I want to see my plan details.
Who is eligible for a locker?
Keep the input relevant to the Call center domain
i want to discontinue your services
have you received your bill for the month
How many nominees can be added to a single locker?
What are the Use Cases of Watson?
Can you please give me the status of the complaint
I want to change my connection to corporate
Can you please provide me the details of Plan where I can have more mobile data
I want to suspend my present phone number
Have a nice day
who says love is blind in actual it's not this much
What is the difference between a Full MNP and Intra circle MNP?
what is my Monthly Bill plan
What is the current balance outstanding on my loan?
can you please plug this into socket
what is your employee ID
Your call is in queue, please be on line or call back later.
i did not receive the bill for my sim
How far is your home from Office?
How will I know what VAS is activated on my connection?
My mobile has network problem in this area.
I have one brother.
I am a strong man.
please send an email with your problem description
are you mad?
Today i got my vodafone number's bill.
What is the best plan for data usage?
could you help me to change ATM Pin
i want to deactivate my missed call services
what is the interest rate for car loan
Are you satisfied with the solution provided?
can we help you with this?
which is the best place to visit in winters
do you deal in stock market
what are the rules in volleyball
list of food items available
I lost my Debit card , please help
I want replace my broken data card
Please deactivate DND for SMS only on my mobile number
Please activate DND for call only on my mobile number
My internet speed is not up to mark as per the plan.
But he was mine
I want to verify my address
I want to disable the extra services on my phone
How much is the credit limit on my credit card
Thanks for your help
What is the area of India?
What i have to do to get the network signals on mobile
i got a new ATM card. Please send its pin as well so I can start using it.
How to live in society?
What is the balance left in your mobile
I want to deposit cheque
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Wahida, How may I assist you?
i am nice
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Rohit, How may I assist you?
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Niharika, How may I assist you?
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Ekta, How may I assist you?
Can we call you back at the same number, or do you have a better call back number?
Yes, that's a good call back number.
Don't worry, we will be alerted right away by our System, if there are any invalid pin attempts on your card.
What is â€˜ICICI Bank Credit Cards Experience'?
Other credit cards get interest free credit period. Will ICICI Bank Insta Credit Card offer same benefits?
What is the minimum amount of Fixed Deposit required to get enrolled under Credit Builder Program (CBP)?
Is there a way to view all the options quickly instead of browsing through the catalogue?
I received a call regarding outstanding amount due on my credit card. What should I do?
When will the FD get liquidated in case of default?
we have lot of new scheme
Can I still make changes to my current rate plan, service, and features?
i want to do a quick money transfer
We authorize the bank to debit my account for the standing instruction set-up or execution charges as per laid down tariff & fees of the bank
How do I check the details for non-receipt of my renewed credit card?
What type of Fixed Deposits are allowed for Insta Credit Card offer?
Can I request the credit card to be shipped to an alternate address?
What all Credit card requests can be processed from Internet Banking myself?
Will I receive any alerts for Standing Instruction on Debit Cardments?
How can I get a physical PIN for my credit card?
What should I do when I receive my credit card?
How do JPMiles earned on my Business Advantage Card get transferred to my JetPrivilege account?
What is a Concierge Medical / Travel / Emergency Service?
What are the services that concierge can help me with?
What types of credit cards are accepted?
What are the credit card requests that I can directly check or place from Internet Banking?
Whom I can contact, in case of non-credit or delay in credit to the beneficiary account for NEFT transaction?
Will I be intimated with courier details of credit card once it is dispatched from the Bank?
SHE IS HONEST PERSON.
what is my account balance?
Your Caller Tune is Good.
I would need to do Credit Verification.
Can I change my sim to other service provider with the same number?
Hello, My last recharge amount is not correctly reflecting in my account.
what is the current balance in my account?
what is the balance in my current account?
Can you please update my data balance
I want to change something
What I can do right away
I want to migrate to other plan
what happened?
How may I assist you?
We offer a variety of roaming plans that might interest you,
Let’s take a look at this.
please send a notification when I exceed the maximum usage limit of data for my mobile
I want to know how to stay motivated?
Washinton DC is capital of USA
How to poen fixed deposite account.
Can you tell me more about prepaid plans?
India is world's largest democratic country
Please work on below assigned ticket.
What are new plans launched by Jio?
Its been four days since I logged my complaint and no action has been taken till now
How do I subscribe for International Roaming?
I have forgot my debit card pin.
How do I Get Bill on eMail?
can I change my data plan
Rome cannot built in a day
how is 4G better as compared to 3G?
Why did you deduct service charge for demand draft from my salary account?
I want to enable international roaming facilities on my mobile. Can you kindly guide me as to how to do it?
Do you have broadband services at xyz location
Hello world.
how many equated monthly installments i can pay for part payment of personal loan
I want to enable conference calling on my number
Can u help in correcting it
Let me check more details
I am sorry to keep you waiting. I have managed to reproduce the problem. Here's what needs to be done to fix it.
What is the procedure of recharge?
I want to apply for car loan
i want to change my fathers banking password
i want to apply for a renovation loan
i want to change my caller tone
Which all data plans are available?
I want to have itemized bill .
I want to know my balance
Hindi is our mother language.
what do you know about me?
Why have you charged me so much in this month bill?
Who can port?
May you please help me.
Can I port my number if I am on a CDMA service?
i want to update my address
where is my atm pim
india is my country
Please make necessary changes
How are you today ?
I want to know my bill amount
which one is the best plan among all these plans?
Please tell my account balance
Is there data pack also available for international roaming?
Do you need help in understanding your bill?
My 4g service not started yet.
Thank u !! have a great day
What was your favorite toy growing up?
We must restore hope to young people, help the old, be open to the future, spread love. Be poor among the poor. We need to include the excluded and preach peace.
I need a copy of bill
i want to change my bill type
how can i help you
A girl and a Boy can never be only friends.
What is your name?
What are the tariff plans
Please raise a request for new cheque book.
What is the due date of issue of telephone bill ?
How can i chase my goal?
I want to subscribe for DND.
I want to change my phone number.
Why you want to change the SIM.
I want to know about the reservation of the Bus going to Mumbai
I want to retain the same number but want it to transfer my connection to Delhi.
beacuse of security reasons we are unable to proceed
how can i update my address
Learn the best way of writing code to run inside a relational database.
An amount of 2000 rupees was credited into your account
Do you have facility of a locker in your branch?
Time for a quick workout
My Modrem is not working.
I want to recharge, please suggest some quick recharge options
Not able to submit payment
I want to know about low rental mobile connection.
we are spiritual beings in form of human beings
I want the late payment fees reversal.
Tell the truth
I already have more than one connection
There is no telecom coverage in my area
I live in Delhi Ncr.
Kindly deactivate my atm card.
Good for nothing
Don't build the castles in the air
What is unbilled usage and why is it on my bill?
after this payment please close my mobile connection.
I want to change my nominee.
I want to deposit 2000 rupees in my savings account
I need a duplicate bill for the month of August.
Please do not share your password.
Do we need to have some minimum balance in bank  to open a locker
please finish your work
what is monthly rent for a locker
How may I help you
Where did you learn English?
can you tell me what are the facilities given for postpaid connections.
What is the last payment date on my loan?
where do you live?
I have been doing this work since childhood
what different modes are available for opening locker
I will do whatever I feel like
How to update mobile number of my Bank Account?
Hi, we're sorry to hear about your experience. As we just mentioned, we'll forward you to our local team for further assistance.
Hi Ewelina, thank you for getting in touch with us and we are sorry to hear that your new purchase hasn't reached you yet. We
what document is required for education loan ?
what document is required for Home loan ?
i want to enquire about locker facility
I am not able to login in my Net baking account
Please change my bill plan
How much Cash in my account
Right, what can I do for you today?
And you are living at a different address? He is showing up as homeless. The bank will need some evidence that you are married
what is benefit of Life Insurance of Corportation of Plan Endoment?
Can I pay more than my installment amount in any particular month?
I will go for prepaid number
I will go for post paid number
what's your name?
what's your name ?
my credit card is blocked
My laptop has display issue
what is my ticket no.
You have an issue with network?
You want to know your current bill plan and change it?
You want to buy a better data plan
i have changed my plan so many times, still the same issue...never get the proper network.
I want to know my calling plan
Make bill correct
I want to know my current bill plan and change it
Please not my Saving account number
I want to know about my last transaction
How I can activate ISD service on my mobile number ?
Please stop my last check transaction
I have problem getting network range at home
I want to open Flexible RD. How do I do it?
I have problem in my billing statement
Demonetization of currency means discontinuity of the particular currency
My Phone number is incorrect
Please correct my phone number
what is your name ?
Can i change my saving account to current account
Please note your ticket number for this request
I am having issue with my bill amount
Can you tell me my data balance
Thank you for your cooperation.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
I want to talk to customer care executive
How to foreclose my ?
I need to change my phone plan. Could you let me know the procedure?
What are the data plans available?
Do you guys provide itemized billing?
I want to get an itemized bill for my number
can i get the itemized list on my online account?
may you change my plan.
What is your name?
What is the last payment date on my loan?
What is the last payment date on my home loan?
Won Client awards for 2017
I want to open a new saving account. Let me know the interest rate for the same.
We have new plans for you as per your usage.
Can you share Promotional Scheme about to launch in upcoming festive season.
I withdrew money using my credit card by mistake. What would be the charges applicable for this transaction?
please help me fill out this application
Mother teresa was a holy soul
I want to apply for addon card
My name is Gaurav
I want to update my address on office portal
I want to mark leave on my office portal
computer assistance; may I help you?
Yes sure , I will you tell about tariff details.
i was charged incorrectly .
Yes, I think so.
I want to know about different 3G products.
I want to delink my number from my family plan.
what is the date of my bill cycle?
What security do I need to provide to obtain a Business loan?
do whatever but do it fast
What are the restrictions on Inactive and Dormant accounts?
I did not mean that
Is there anything else I may assist you?
No, Thank you.
I want to change my caller tune.
my friend's name is ankitha
I want to know status of my recharge
Hello, My last recharge amount is not reflecting correctly in my account.
How can i help you today?
How to know my recent deductions?
i want to know my number's plan rates
How do I change/modify my account details?
how to teach watson?
I have two kids and wife in my family.
I need to get my contact details updated in your comapny database
How i can check my  fixed deposit balance ?
Where is my Physical Statement of Saving account?
What are the documents required to open a account?
I want interest details on loan?
What is my Credit card bill for last month?
How to add beneficery?
how can i apply for alternate cheque book?
I am facing problem with my bank account.
I want to apply for mobile banking.
do you want to check your saving balance?
I wish to apply for a health policy with online account.
I have explained the scenario many times to other customer care representatives.
Change Primary / De-link Account
Link Account to my PAN card
Request for Physical PIN
Buy a Health policy online
I want to know the bill for my international roaming package
How can i know my data start date?
What is the code to recharge ?
What is the code to check validity ?
I want to know about various communities on office portal
Well, I was just typing along, and all of a sudden the words went away.
actually it is the network problem
What is your ideal company?
What were the responsibilities of your last position?
Can you describe a time when your work was criticized?
What is your greatest failure, and what did you learn from it?
How would you go about establishing your credibility quickly with the team?
What do you like to do?
How do you think I rate as an interviewer?
How would you weigh a plane without scales?
If you were an animal, which one would you want to be?
Why is there fuzz on a tennis ball?
Can the bank raise my interest rate because of a change in my debt-to-income ratio?
I want to close my overdrawn checking account to avoid more overdraft fees, but the bank refuses to do so.
Can the bank place a hold on a payroll check?
How would you describe your work style?
I would like a Rs. 5,0000 spending limit.
Yes, I would like to collect points whenever I use the card.
Which variety of glass is used for the manufacture of optical glasses?
You can redeem the points at any petrol pump in the country and get free petrol
Hello operator may I know the number of Mr. Vaibhav
Do I need to furnish any security to get a vehicle loan?
who are you?
i love chatting
Can you please tell me that what actions that will be taken there ?
Please stop the extra data plan service from my number.
Do I get intimation on expiry of Safe Custody?
i want to change my banking details
i want to change my loan installment
what to do
i want to check my bank detail in HDFC account
i want to change my ICICI account detail
We currently do not have a promotion running at this time, although perhaps I can recommend the best package for you based on your needs?
If you have any trouble, let me know and I can manually reset it for you!
If you find it doesn’t help solve your problem, please don’t hesitate to reach me again.
If you plan to continue your service, you can simply submit a new payment by logging in to your account. I have ensured it will remain active for another five days to give you extra time as well.
You will receive a survey link after this call. Please share your feedback
What is procedure to open a new account in your bank?
I am unable to verify credits.
Please try again later.
Thank you for your support.
I need details about talktime plan
Credit card companies make money by earning interest on late payments that you make.
How do I change my credit card information?
How was your day today?
Sorry for the inconvenience madam. May I know your Account Number, please,
May I know the unbilled amount for my mobile connection?
Whats is my data balance?
I want to change my bill plan
Thank you my dear
Education is necessary for all.
New year is celebrated on 1st January.
Data is connecting in my mobile even though i have internet balance
I want to add value added services
Every year Republic day is on 26th January.
Every day Independence day is celebrated on 15th August.
what is the current interest for the fixed deposit
what are the historical places in Delhi to visit?
What is the best health insurance plan for women?
i want to apply for personal loan .
I came to meet you on the pretext of going to the college.
What food have you never eaten but would really like to try?
I want to go on long holiday
what is the interest rate of fixed deposit ?
Call Details
How many addon services I can add at a time
What’s going on there
I am searching.
How to teach
there is no one in the classroom.
Can a replacement ATM card be issued in lieu of lost/damaged card ?
Please do recharge of my Tata sky
Tell me a suggestion you have made that was implemented in this retention field?
My bill amount is incorrect
i have one sim so that I want to transfer with relative name
I want to know my credit details
transfer call to another person is not a solution
What is my service request number
This month I have received a wrong bill.
Is this price for the first month? Will the price go up?
Why was I forced to pay again on site? What if i’m charged more on site?
What is my Credit card bill for last month
Where did you get my number from?
I want to know offers on my number
in my mobile self service application not working
with my mobile number self service app not working
What is my every month maximum credit limit?
I want to change my billing location
Willingly negligence of consumer complaints
I am yet to receive this month's billing summary
I want to know the end date of my loan account with your bank
Please give me 2 minutes while I check that information for you.
Your ticket number is 1234.
Why did my recharge not happen?
Sometimes, we face delay from the telecom networks and they do not respond within few seconds.
Wallet Balance Did Not Update
What is Commercial communication?
Things are getting change but it will take sometime
May I place your call on hold?
how may i help you
may plan is not working
My last month's bill has an error.
i will make you feel better
i dont have any recharge done yet
Hi, This is Amit calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
I lives in Delhi
Bank Manager: May I know which type of account do you want to open?
Is my Aadhaar card connected with my account?
I want to replace my credit card.
What are the documents required for opening Current Account of a company?
Who can register for email statements?
I want to know the details of my last 5 transactions
What is postpaid? I want to know the various plans available
How can I activate a data pack?
How do I subscribe for International Roaming?
Do I require a special kind of handset while roaming internationally?
I have paid my bill yesterday but it is not yet reflected on my account.
How is a PO (Purchase order created)?
How does the payment mechanism work?
In case of non payment of the existing loan will my FD be impacted?
Sure sir, can I know your registered email-id?
how much is total outstanding
I want to activate international roaming pack
When can I get the keys for the locker.
As soon as we receive the documents, we shall provide you with locker key.
what is your total bill
There are no charges for mobile number portability
Customer : Thank You.
What is your name?
How can I initiate porting request
What is Accounts Payable?
I want to reset to my ATM pin number,
How do I activate outgoing / incoming after number ported to new operator
nobody lies this much
Are you Mad
What is the best tariff plan for me
what is the FD rate  of SBI bank for 5 years
Is STD and local calls free on my mobile plan
Make sure it will work
you need any additional information?
Please change it
Can I make the payment through Debit Card?
how is your health?
What is my bill amount
Which is the closest network store near me?
Is 24*7 support facility available on your network?
Recharge is done but I haven't received any confirmation.
What extra charges is levied if I forget to pay last month bill?
Can I opt out of messages receiving from the company?
Kindly answer the security questions as per the bank security policies before i check the status of your request for debit card.
I just wanted to let you know we’re still working on resolving your situation. I’ll let you know as soon as it’s been fixed! 🙂
What is safe custody?
Do you feel like a leader or a follower?
What is the initial amount to be deposited for a new BSNL Mobile Postpaid connection?
How does the Coral Contactless Credit Card work?
How can I change my password?
Which TV family is most like your own?
Whatâ€™s your favorite season?
What is the sound you love the most?
How to subscribe for the Video Conferencing Service?
How to place request for interest calculation sheet?
Where can I find an experience specific to my card?
What does 'Rewards at a Glance' help me do?
How do I modify or cancel my payment instruction?
What is waived amount under Credit Builder Program?
Am I eligible for the privileges as part of the wellness programme?
I want to apply for credit card and want to know the comparison of all the credit cards Bank is issuing. Where can I check the details of all cards?
how many supplementary cards can i apply for my credit card
I need one information
can I make the payment of my insurance premium annually ?
can I open mote then one account in your branch?
Thank you for your patience
Hi, My Name is Kumar. I would like to know my account balance.
Pay automatically through standing instructions
I would like to know the maturity value of my of my fixed deposit
What is my current total bill amount
My father is an account holder
How much should I deposit?
Dear customer support manager, There is a change in my billing address, I would like to get that changed. Pls let me know how should i proceed.
Please recharge my mobile for 100 rupees
I would like to change my existing bill plan
What is the difference between a BPO and a call center?
Hello, What is my billing amount ?
How does one go about re-activating an inactive SIM card?
I am not able to check my bill plan.
I would like to request for the last 3 month's bill in a print out format to my address? Could you please let me know what is the procedure and how long will it take to get them?
I need a new sim card.
want to open savings account
I am not able to see my account details in your banking app
Is there any tracking feature available in 4G?
I am going to movie today
Hello, Can you please let me know what is the procedure to change the billing address?
I want to know my current month bill
My prepaid top up amount was not credited complete, tax deducted but amount not clear.
You might find this app helpful.
Once it is confirmed from our end, you can see the updated billing address.
Please let me know the status of the recharge.
I haven't received the balance yet.
I will go for a walk on evening.
Executive: Thanks for being on call
Can you send a valid government photo-id proof for the new billing address?
Generally, it takes 1 day to activate the SIM card.
Customer: Is that causing the slowness?
I want to update my billing address
I want to opt for ebill
how can i open a saving account
I want to make a change to my subscription pack?
My phone has become very slow
They gave us very little trouble.
how may I help you?
I need to update my permanent address
HOW TO RESET PASSWORD?
HOW TO MAKE RAJMA?
Can I get a data plan for ten days
How to bill the right customer if already invoiced?
Is sarjan's marriage valid?
Could I have some information?
are you satisfied with our sevices
status of recharge/balance etc
How can I make a demand draft when I am in another state and I have bank account in the other state?
I want to know my usage details such as Message, VOICE, DATA
New Owner has to fill up a new CAF as well
Inconvenience is deeply regretted.
Who am I ?
It is a very beautiful poem.
how much to pay and also select the bank account
what is my Bill plan
I want to know the status of my deactivation request
My Bill amount is correct
What is my mobile number?
Please Deactivate my phone no
What is the maturity value of my fixed deposit
Hello,my billing address is wrong.I want to change it.
When will my issue get resolved?
what is my loan account number?
What documents are required to open a senior citizen 5 Year Tax Saving Fixed Deposit?
To change your existing billing address please visit the nearest store
What is my recharge balance?
Did my SIM got activated?
What according to you call center job is?
Your call is important to us. Please stay online.
I almost had a heart attack, stupid kids!
Sure, My mobile number is XXXX
I am unable to get network on my phone and not able to make calls..can you please help me
I am not getting my bank statement on my email id
How do I change Bank Details of my Demat Account?
How can i change my atm pin
how do I turn off airplane mode?
what is my bill amount
what is my phone bill amount
If in case I lost my ATM card, what should I do?
Immediately call us on our toll free or hotlines and talk to our customer service representative who will assist you.
how do i change my bill plan?
why can't you activate my plan by today?
how to make bill payment
How many people are there in your team?
North America.
I want a cheque book
I need a duplicate bill.
I have not received my Debit card till now.
Where is my ATM PIN?
I want DND services to be enabled in my vodafone bill
I want to go see the USA
My data is ended
how much premium i have to pay
what is my current usage
What procedures would you follow when you speak to a customer?
how to raise a complaint against any bank?
which data plan you are using now ?
Calls and messages to 1909
i want to know 4G plans
Please let me know my monthly billing date so that i can pay accordingly.
I want a new cable connection
What is the rate of interest of fixed deposit
Spelling of my name in the accounts is being incorrectly displayed.
What about my billing closure with my old mobile provider?
I would like to get my contact address changed in my bill
I have not received my data refund
What is the status of my bank account?
please let me know my outstanding loan balance?
Can I use the left over data balance in the next month?
what was my bill amount for last month
is this offer applicable on all cards
How to get the Adhaar Card linked to PAN card ?
how can I get  a new data connection
What are the recharge offers? Please explain
I need to reset my ATM PIN urgently.
what are the required documents?
why my balance has been deducted
Can I use my unused data in next month
Is your bank a government bank or private bank?
Is there any discount?
why my product is not shipped
please pay you bill .
my broadband is not working properly.
how can a do a fixed deposit online ?
She was crying in her room.
its been 2-3 hrs but still i did not get the any message for balance
Would like to know the terms and conditions for EMI conversion option
Hello, my debit card is expired. Could you please help me how to raise a request for new debit card.
it was a nice weekend
can you send an email to Mark
Do you offer an unlimited data pack
How can I activate a Bonus card or Data pack with my available Balance?
I want to close my account.
Money deducted even after  failed transaction from my account.
Is safe custody applicable for both pre-paid and post-paid users?
How can I help you?
What is your plan for today
How to port my number ?
what is the price of this product
What data usage rate will I be charged?
what is my credit cards current balance?
your complaint has been registered
What are the recharge facilities available?
you should spent some time with your family
you should spent some time with your friends
how do i activate conferencing facility on my number
I want to change my caller tune
Nice to meet you
What does a monkey know of the taste of ginger?
I want to update my aadhar card online
Will you do friendship with me?
Roaming Activation
Handset Related
what is the interest rate on education loan?
What is the total number of country in the world?
I have already done the payment, however it is not reflecting in my balance amount
How can i know my mobile number?
How can i pay my electricity bill?
3G services are not activated, please help
How may I help you today?
how much time it will take to change billing address ?
Thank you for that information madam.
I have recharged my data card but balance is not showing.
Voice Quality is too bad in my area
I do not want to receive my Bill on my Mailing address
Ram is a good boy
Will I be charged anything extra if I use my card overseas?
What is your name.
I need a new connection.
All IBMers should update these features in their Connections Profile to showcase their expertise and ensure they are found via an IBM Expertise search when needed.
Your manager will work with you to ensure the assigned Role/Specialty always reflects your role
my sim is decativated
I want to migrate to a different state (circle), please explain the procedure.
Supports fact-based discussions about growth and decline roles
What is the issue
Value only comes when this is maintained
Guidance on how to keep it current (JRA or work with skills focal)
sir in roaming charges will be as per state in which you are present
Balance was deducted wrongly and I've not received it back yet.
How can I get the new SIM.
why do you want to close this plan ?
tell me my mobile phone bill taxes
Is the modem working?
I need a payment receipt for my payment
what is the error in phone ?
please Data Card plans mail
What is my Credit card bill for last month.
Send me mobile Bill On Mail
A black sheep.
How may help you
How do I get a credit card if I have no credit history?
Spare the rod , spoil the child
Curses come home to roost
my handset is lost
Customer sends payment /Collection
Why did I receive a notice that my address was changed when I did not make a change in My app?
The Order to Cash cycle is the financial life blood of any organization.
I want to change my Tariff Plan
There is issue in my bill cycle date
What is my data balance
Hi, how are you? What is my data balance
I did not received my pin.
I have lost my credit card.
Am I able to update my Address/Email address using Online Banking?
Check Recurring Deposit balance
what is my Bill Amount
I did recharge but it is not reflecting back in my Account
Joint account holder  name  and balance on the fixed deposit
I want to activate hello tunes on my number
What was my Last Month Data Card Bill
sir can you please confirm your billing address
i want to reactive my sim
sure , why not .
May I have your Account Number, please,
the bill amount is incorrect
For verification purposes mam, Can I get your name and birth date?
what is my data balance
What is DTH?
Where is my Office ?
Please reactivate all services on my phone
I want to know my data balance
you will get unlimited incomings in roaming
Where is his house
please tell about outgoing charges in roaming
Reflects the role to which you are assigned, not everything that you can do
who is that boy
How do I locate the nearest ATM to withdraw Cash?
How can i take new sim with my old number
What is the expiry date of my current plan?
THE PROGRESS IS GOOD.
How much is my monthly internet package
WHERE DO YOU WORK?
If you could be a cartoon character for a week, who would you be?
How can I configure my device for Internet?
to provide you better support, can i put you on hold for 1 min
i want to activate the 4G plan on my number.
How do I get to know whether I have used up my Mobile Internet usage quota?
My bill is not yet generated
You only need to have 3G mobile phone compatible with 3G network and to activate a 3G Data Pack.
How does this affect my Mobile Internet Usage?
Can you please transfer my call to your customer care executive?
in which country was 3G first introduced?
Is this okay?
When can we send a technician to your place
Can you please check the status once again
Are you able to log on to the system
i want to change my billing period
i am using new mobile, need to know how to configure internet data setting?
You will receive an email regarding feedback for this call
I tried to reset my pin via ATM machine but failed somehow.
We will help you reset your ATM PIN over phone.
Saving Account
Is there any fees for using my Debit Card for retail or online transactions?
How I can help you today
You need to recharge your phone with this much minimum balance to utilize the following services as per your requirement.
I want to activate the Caller Tunes on my number.
I want to deactivate the Caller Tunes on my number.
I want to activate the Caller Tunes for 3 months on my number.
What are the charges for Caller Tunes activation?
How to check if (Fixed Deposit) FD is created?
Can you help me opening a new fixed deposit?
If you don't have the servers that can support the speeds you promise in the plans - don't promise those speeds.
My landline not working
How many times can I do work from home in a week.
How do I get Internet Settings on my phone?
my mother is fine
May I have some information from you for better assistance?
HOW TO COPY TEXT FROM PDF DOCUMENT AND PASTE IN EXCEL?
HOW TO GET REWARDS?
HOW TO REMOVE MONOTONOUS OF SIMILAR WORK?
How to know my call charges?
How to create Fixed deposit in Internet banking ?
Do I require a special kind of handset while roaming internationally?
What are the data roaming charges on International Roaming?
What are the charges for using GPRS internationally?
How are the incoming international roaming charges reflected in the bill? OR Why am I billed twice for a single incoming call?
Can I pay my bills online?
How can I update my alternate contact number?
Do I need to pay roaming charges during National MNP?
Is there any change in landline dialing pattern?
I want to know about savings plan.
How do I update my e-mail address in order to receive Statements of Accounts?
How do I find out payee bank details for cheques deposited?
A demand draft can also be compared to a cheque.
Can I pay for Safe Custody charges online?
This is not good.
Have a good Day!!
Do you want to change your password?
what is asset life cycle asset management?
My name is Pradeep
What is new in watson
what are the latest monthly plans as per my requirement?
4G download speed is very slow
Are you willing to relocate?
Give me an example of a time that you felt you went above and beyond the call of duty at work
What was the most difficult period in your life, and how did you deal with it?
What salary are you seeking?
What do you look for in terms of culture—structured or entrepreneurial?
I would like to apply for a credit card.
Was there a person in your career who really made a difference?
What kind of personality do you work best with and why?
What are your lifelong dreams?
What three character traits would your friends use to describe you?
What are three positive character traits you don't have?
How do you feel about taking no for an answer?
What magazines do you subscribe to?
With your eyes closed, tell me step-by-step how to tie my shoes
Where would you like to be in your career five years from now?
What is your ideal company?
What is the interest rate of home loan?
My employer pays me via direct deposit. When are those funds required to be available?
What magazines do you subscribe to?
A bullet hits and gets embedded in a solid block resting on a horizontal frictionless table
When is an account considered inactive or unclaimed?
Plus, there is a promotional offer for 0% interest for the first 12 months on balance transfers.
Internet is working very slow on my number
what is my billing date ?
Can I pay my bill quarterly basis?
Where to go to raise a complain?
Is corporate plan different from general plans?
As I can see the request for debit cum atm card was raised a day ago.
As per company policies,it takes 5 business working days to complete the request for passbook.
Sorry for the inconvenience caused to you by the delay in completing the request made for cheque book.
Register a complain for my roaming deducted without notified me
I did not get last month e-bill for my data card
May I know your aadhar card number linked to your account?
what is the interest rate if I would change my credit card spends to EMIs
How can an NRI send his transaction details to the Authorised Dealer?
Is it mandatory to route the secondary market transactions through PIS designated account only?
I am working in Linux Technology
I am an NRI/ PIO. I have only a NRE account. I do not have a NRO account. Can I deposit my cash in the NRE account?
If my account is inactive/dormant, how do we deposit OHD in the account?
I want to know the individual billing cost for std call, ISD Call and local call.
I didn't use ISD facility, Kindly remove this from my bill.
Are there any charges for the Priority Pass?
How can I view my reward points summary?
I want to apply for add-on credit card. To whom the add-on card will be given?
What is a Chip and PIN Credit Card?
Can I have only one User ID for all ICICI Bank relationships?
I have blocked my credit card. How can I get a replacement card?
Click on Bill settings on the right hand side.
Till when will this problem persist?
Update your billing details and click Save.
Can you please tell me the way of linking aadhar card to my phone number
which is the best internet plan
I live in Guna district.
What are You doing
What is my data usage for the current month?
How to know my call charges?
my hobby is palying cricket
Please complete the task by tomorrow 2 PM.
How do I receive mobile bill on Email?
What is the current balance outstanding on my loan.
How can I change the SIM / What do I do if I have lost the SIM?
kindly provide me the details of all bill plans
Will be charged extra for doing payment through ATM
find restaurant near my location
How can I close my loan
Cricket is game of uncertainty.
How can i help you today
How do I apply for credit card?
I want information about my all recharges of this month.
what are the roaming charges in India
How many days will take to activate the new Number
How much time is require to port from one network operator to another?
I have lost my debit card.
I got my number recharged with Rupees hundred.
please, send my net banking password.
Do you remember why / at what?
Credit management is all about managing the risk factor
Cash was not dispensed from SBI ATM in Hennur Road but the amount got deducted from my Account
every organization needs a credit department
HOW TO MAKE SMALL AND CRIPS SENTENCE?
how to delete files
how to hide  files
Why was my cheque payment not credited to the card account?
Why was my cheque payment returned to the card account?
How long will it take for the RTGS payment to be credited to my card account?
Why is a lesser amount deducted when I have a Standing Instruction for the Total Amount Due?
I want to apply for a loan on credit card, what is the procedure?
I have received a loan offer on my credit card, What is the procedure to avail the same?
What are the types of Bill Pay facilities offered by Citibank?
How was your day ?
The internet speed is not good in my area.
Can I apply for a postpaid connection online
I am getting System error every time I am making a call.
I want to reactivate my previous number.
What is a Vehicle loan?
What is this GPRS?
What is the average tenure of the home loan?
How can I activate International roaming
how do i open an icici bank salary account ?
I want a new credit card for myself.
How do I update my RE-KYC?
I need resolution for my network related problem
What are the various document needed to apply for business loan?
Your business means a lot to us.
What is the price of 4G packs?
Why should I opt for 4G?
Can I experience 4G, before I decide to buy it?
Please send me SMS on my number for promotional scheme related to 4g plan
Please send me SMS on my number for promotional scheme related to 3g plan
How will I know if I am browsing on 4G?
Please send me SMS on my number for promotional scheme related to SMS plan
When and where you are launching 4G in India?
How do I check bill on intenet?
How to kow my recent deductions?
Give me a breakup of my bill
What are call charges on Landline?
I am not able to send the messages
I am not able to do the conference call
My network is down for entire day.
Please deduct my credit balance in next bill.
my balance have been deducted without any reason.
I am not able login because of service dispute.
Sales and marketing of your data is not up to-date.
I want to stop a payment issued through cheque
How can i help you?
do you love me?
Is there any existing Ticket for this issue
what is my work location?
Can I use my Idea connection when I am traveling out of my local region?
How can I activate national roaming on my Idea number?
i want you to issue me new cheque book
i want to change my mobile number
how can i change the due date?
dont you have work to do?
I am tired.
Assumption is the mother of all the problems
Republic day is on 26th January
I am 30 years old,i am working in IBM and my salary account is with your bank. I want to invest some amount in any profitable scheme or fixed deposit to get good return can you please guide me same.
tomorrow holiday
I want to know the current data balance of my account.
When will I receive my debit card?
My card is expiring. When should I receive a new card?
Please link my number with aadhar card
I have a mobile.
i want to update my present address.
Namaskar , How can I be of your help today ?
These Change Request are related with  Data Base changes
Do I need to keep a certain amount of money in my account?
Can you tell me your account number please.
I want to change my bill plan
I want to get a new cheque book issued
These are some more additional charges
Offerings with in the same Bill plan get changed very frequently and it does not get automatically applicable to the existing customers with same bill plan
How can I check outstanding amount in my mobile bill?
Please confirm your Email ID
I have all documents
I lost my mobile
what's the interest rate on this account?
Will I get same bill cycle as earlier in new location?
What do I do in case an upgraded / new card has been assigned to me by ICICI Bank?
I require my credit card statements of one year for IT purpose. Whom can I approach?
How will be the lounge visit charges be billed to me?
Yes, you will be able to access the GPRS (Data Services) whilst roaming; however your data service needs to be active for the same.
Roaming services are available only for Postpaid subscribers. Prepaid Roaming service is not allowed as per Indian Regulations
How can the customer cancel the credit card?
I have converted a transaction into EMI on credit card. I have not received the amortisation schedule of the EMI. Whom should I approach?
How to register a complaint against the vishing call received?
What are the international roaming call charges?
How can I view my reward points summary?
What are the various modes of bill payment available to me?
Whatâ€™s the worst thing you did as a kid?
My Smartphone keeps asking me to update the App & Software every now & then. How does this affect my Mobile Internet Usage?
Whatâ€™s the toughest decision you ever made?
What if the customer waves the Coral Contactless Credit card twice at the terminal? Will he/she be charged twice?
What if the customer is passing by a terminal and a contactless transaction takes place?
What did your father teach you?
I have applied for a credit card. When will I get it?
Can I view the transactions converted into EMI in Internet Banking?
I want to know my data balance
Will I receive a separate PIN for my Add-on cards?
Can I use my primary and add-on credit cards for international transactions?
In the event of cardholder's death, how can one request for card cancellation & FD closure?
I have a supplementary/ add-on card. Can I avail of the privileges too?
What brought you here today
My Mobile Number is not working after portability
you have to request customer service to upgrade/downgrade your bill plan
Ram will sing a song.
i am using public transport metro or bus for daily office
my broad band is not working
I am sitting.
Mind on your own business.
Let me come to you.
My name is Amit.
Is your problem solved?
May i have your contact details please
i want to change my billing address
Please stop the check payment which i sent an hour ago
I want to have an itemized bill, please can you accept and generate my bill.
what is the rate of simple interest for savings account
thank you for your help
why I am not getting signal in my residential area ?
How can I Configure data settings?
Do I need to pay any security deposit for using International Roaming
I do not want to re-activate my internet plan.
What is my monthly rental plan
what is my previous month bill amount
Which features are your craving for?
Can I migrate my number to another operator ?
I'll we glad to help you.
A burnt child dreads the fire. / Once bitten twice shy.
can you please send Bill On Mail
I want to change my billing address
from my side
How can I port my number
Refund Of Deposit related to ISD Services
God’s mill grinds slow but sure
Payment is recorded in general ledger
tell me my loan balance in my account
what are the roaming charges on my tariff.
Could you please explain to me my last Month Bill?
Recharge my DTH for 100
debit card not reached
Status of Recharge
Please share your address
I want to know the bill for my international roaming package
Can I get a data plan for 10 days
Please tell my mobile data balance.
I stay in gurgaon
My data balance is deducted without use.
please change the tariff plan from next billing cycle
I am currently on a corporate plan. Can I opt for myPlan?
My sim card is not activated.
I want to replace my Old SIM Card
My sim has now been activated.
I want to Change my Credit Card Limit
I am going home today
India is a great country
Will there be anything else that you need madam?
With which company did you start your career?
my sim is activated
I will surely help you with it.
For how long is the gift voucher valid?
Can I redeem my reward points once my SBI Card is closed?
I had received damaged or wrong products, what do I do?
Can I avail BT on my other SBI Card?
What are the plans available for BT?
Within how many days will I get the cheque for BT amount that I have booked?
What is the amount of Balance Transfer I can avail with BT service?
I have already taken BT for the amount that I was eligible for. Now I want to book another BT, how can I do it?
What is the cancellation procedure for BT?
Can I book BT on EMI on my SBI Card for my friends' or relatives' credit cards from other banks?
Can I book BT on EMI on my Add-on card?
What is the cancelation procedure for BT on EMI?
For which cards can I avail BT on EMI?
My Smartphone keeps asking me to update the Apps & Softwares every now & then. How does this affect my Mobile Internet Usage?
Are there any processing charges for booking Encash?
do you want to go somewhere ?
balance in my account is running low.
What is number of Vodafone customer care?
change your password regularly .
how long will you stay here ?
How do I understand my bill? (Bill Explanation)
What is the difference between a BPO and a call centre?
can you please provide me another data plan
What is irrevocable letter of credit ?
i lost my phone and sim.please block my number
1Giga Byte
Thanks for confirming your name
Will premature withdrawal be allowed for FDs being created from request from ATM?
Is this facility available for all customers?
To which number should I send SMS to activate new SIM card?
I need to practice my Hindi
I want to change my internet banking password
where are you going?
will I get 4G on international roaming?
I'd like to cash a traveler's cheque in rupees please.
Nice to meet you
Can I change my PIN if I forget it?
As I can check, you have last recharged your number on this date
I want to update my billing address
What are the charges for changing the Caller Tunes multiple times?
What would be the maturity amount of my fixed deposit?
What is my Data balance
Why should I opt for 4G?
Tomorrow I will make sandwich for breakfast
i want to change my current bill plan.
how can i explore new plans and offers ?
i need a better data plan
Whereever I go, I meet Myself.
What is the outstanding amount for my loan?
are you there?
what do you do?
How may I help you?
What is the charge of fixed deposit account closing before maturity date ?
Show me transaction from beginning to 4th January,2017 on my current account ending with 3246.
Send me mail of April month of my account statement ending with 8976 ?
What documents are required to change the address of an entity?
If I am a managed portfolio customer, will I get combined email statements?
How can I register for email statements?
What should I do if during the cash withdrawal process, I don’t receive cash from the ATM but my account is still debited for the amount?
How to know my recent deductions?
What are the packs on National Roaming and how can you activate the packs?
Is safe custody applicable for both pre-paid and post-paid users?
my internet connection is very slow.
I hv recharged my d2h yesterday but I am not able to view the channels.
Why i have been charged so much high in Electricity bill?
How do i check my data usage?
Are there any charges for transactions done using UPI?
What are the interest rates offered on Fixed Deposits (FD) /Recurring Deposits (RD)?
I just paid my phone bill two days ago.
You can simply disregard the amount indicated in the bill and continue enjoying our services.
i want to change my bill plan
what issue are you having with your current billing
unnecessary charges have been deducted from my account
I want to change my bank account address?
How to increase battery life of your mobile phone?
How may I help you?
I am looking for a 2BHK Flat.
What is your full name?
where are you?
As of the date today, you have a balance is $935.00
Please Call Back
What is EMI?
How can I enable call divert?
I am unable to open the browser.
How to change my billing address
What is my Bill amount.
What is your Name
Can i pay my credit card in installments
i want to activate DND services on my number
How much time will it take for the instrument to get delivered?
How and when would the Encash installment be billed?
then under the Self Service section you can click the link that shows "Change Address,
do you love me?
Why do need to register all my financial cards?
Do I have to pay any interest charges for advances in emergency travel assistance?
What's the validity period for prepaid?
What is lapsing of prepaid card?
How can I recharge my BSNL Mobile prepaid connection?
yesterday it was working fine
Ok, nothing happens
Can I open a Joint Account?
Can I open an NRI account without having to come to the Branch in India?
What are the prepayment options?
Every man dies. Not every man really lives
What is my billing cycle date
Man is by nature a political animal.
The secret of your future is hidden in your daily routine.
How can customers deposit or cash insurance checks?
What is Money Laundering and Financial Terrorism?
I would like to deactivate my 3G Plan.
IBM is one of the world's great companies to work with.
How can I protect against fraud or scams?
Provide government ID proof for changing the address details.
I want disconnect my value added services
Deactivate callertune services
My Name is Bhisham.
It is raining heavily here in Noida today.
what is the interest rate on housing loan bank is offering currently?
Good Morning how are you
Please provide me the details to get a housing loan.
What is the error?
How to resolve this issue?
which one is good in calling services
please stay on the line while i transfer my call to my senior for better assistance.
How can I deactivate my SMS services?
Thank you for visiting! We hope to see you again!
The best form of the EMI option is where there is no interest charged on the payment.
I want to create a family plan for my telecom service
As per the bill I have been charged twice for same 10 calls made by me, please re-generate the bill and also provide a discount in the amount of bill for the inconvenience caused.
I have recharged of Rs. 50
The base rate for the original /contracted tenure for which the deposit has been booked OR
Which all document I need to produce for availing EMI facility on my credit card?
What are the accounts on which I can register standing instructions?
The bank will estimate your interest income for the year from all the FDs you have with the bank and if it exceeds Rs 10,000, they will deduct TDS @ 10%.
Applicable interest rates will be given as on the date of receipt of the funds by the bank and is fixed for the specified duration.
Can I convert my Insurance Payments in EMI on my Credit Card?
my data card is not working
i want to change my mobile services
what are advantages for opting any corporate plan?
I am calling because I received a wrong bill. I just paid my phone bill two days ago and my payment is not reflected in the bill.
How can I help you?
what are the disadvantages of family planning?
Is there any processing fee for EMI Conversion
i want to travel
Update secondary contact details
What's the difference between floating and fixed interest rates?
How can I select Language
Which area I fall under?
Today  is Tuesday.
What is balance in my savings account?
what is the problem in my laptop
How can I redeem points earned on my card
what is my bill amount
I want to change my bill plan
How much balance is due?
I am not getting proper network since 3 days, I am really irritated.
My ticket number is 12345
How to check bank account balance on phone?
how can i update my address in bank account
how can i help you?
My car has broken down.
Scientists created a camera with the help of which the doctor can see inside
How can i change my mobile number in this account?
Do my age and occupation matter for the bank to decide my credit eligibility
Do I have to pay a penalty on pre-payment of loan?
We should eat fruits daily.
the sun rises in the east
In my area network is slow.
January is the first month of the year.
What re-verification is required in the activation of SIM?
for knowing best offer on your mobile no dial *123*5#.
How does loan against FD work?
what is the validity of the recharge
i did not receive the status message of the recharge
I’m having trouble using a credit card, Whom should I contact?
I clicked on a link to a page, but get a Page Not Found message. What is wrong?
Handset Setting For Mobile TV
I do not have any of my old bills with me. I need to know if any calls were made?
My friend says his phone is faulty, but when I ring his phone no. I get ring back tone. Why so?
Is there any service other than TV channels ?
What are the different kinds of subscriptions packs that I can choose from Hello TV ?
How long will it take for my new connection to get activated?
Do I need to apply for NMNP in present location or after going into new circle?
I am a Zero Rent Plan customer, will I get benefit of the Zero Rental Plan in new circle?
Can I carry forward my existing packs/benefits/discounts to new circle in case of MNP?
Can I Restrict the STD mobile calling on my connection?
How to re-activate/unblock the free call services?
Will application work if I have not accepted T&C?
Why is the message “Ad inventory not available” displayed?
I came across a transaction on my account using a debit card which was not attempted by me? How do I report this transaction?
What are you good at?
I have selected “Free Call” option after watching the Ad my call got connected but my number wasn’t recharged?
Can I activate or deactivate Track Me / Track Me Day services?
How do I opt for an e-Bill?
Can I obtain a refund of the value on the Delhi Metro Transit Chip?
How will the Lounge Visit charge appear in my monthly statement?
How do I get Internet Settings on my Phone?
Will I be / how will I be charged for this service / number I dial from my mobile phone?
Is any complaint tool is available for broadband speed problem?
What are the internet roaming charges on National Roaming?
How do I obtain an ICICI Bank Credit Card?
Whatâ€™s the most beautiful word in the world?
Can I register 2 e-mail IDs/mobile numbers on credit card?
How can I apply for an Add-on credit card?
How long does it take to process my redemption request?
How close does the 'tap' have to be to the reader?
I have not received any payment confirmation
1. My name is Jatin Girdhar. My mobile number is 888-999-0011. My address is House Number 900, Sector 78, Gurgaon.
I AM INDIAN
Please tell me my last 5 balance deductions.
I want the history of my last five months bills.
what are the recharge schemes on my number
I want the same plan activate on my phone which Kishore has.
transfer the call to sales department .
tell me, how can i resolve this ?
I have a bill dispute
my bill amount is incorrect .
You have charged Rs. 50 from my account ?
My Bill is incorrect?
why we are doing this way ?
What is my bill amount?
Let me know the activation process ?
What is the most economical bill plan being offered at the moment?
How much does it cost?
What is the interest rate charged per month?
What is the maximum tenure allowed for EMIs?
What are the benefits of placing standing instruction on debit card?
I guess, that would be all for today. Thanks again! Bye!
At what time it happened?
I have purchased one electronic product from online shopping site on EMI option using my HDFC credit card
How can I subscribe for e-mail alerts on my credit card account?
You know I am busy in my studies.
and hit the enter key
Is there any penalty levied incase of insufficient fund in the customer account?
Am I eligible for Credit Card?
Can i have the status of my passport
Yes. You can recharge with Rs.399 and get 1GB high speed data per day, unlimited local, STD, national roaming voice calls & SMS
unlimited local, STD, national roaming voice calls & SMS and access to Jio Premium apps for 56 days or recharge with Rs. 509 and get 2GB high speed data per day,
I have a Jio Prime membership but could not recharge. Can I recharge now?
please deactivate my all services with immediate effect
my online account is disabled
do you have wheel chair available at railway station
I need Refund for excess charges
I have lost my sim.
What is the minimum criteria to get working visa of Australia
what should I do to get my ID as ENABLE
my bill amount is incorrect
what is my bill amount
How to know the current running services in my number.
How many passwords do I have for Internet Banking?
What is my current recharge status?
how may i help you today.
For any requests and complaints, you may dial 198 toll-free and speak with our customer care executive.
what's the procedure to change the sim
What are the charges levied for non-maintenance of average monthly balance (AMB)?
This is my SIM No.
What are the modes through which one can track Bank Savings Account?
Are there any other approaches to log into the Mobile Banking except for using username and password?
What is SMS Banking? How can I perform it?
I am an virtual human being
How are you
I have an entire knowledge of universe.
What is my bill amount
Handle with care
I want to port to vodafone network
i don't have proper network in ramantapur area
I am not getting reminders of services.
I want to deactivate roaming service.
How to deactivate caller tune?
What is my data balance
My bill amount is incorrect
Why I have been charged for the VAS services that I did not subscribe to?
you are born to be awesome.
Thank you for calling IBM. Have a nice Day.
My bill amount value is 500 rs.
five hundred ruppy
I am planning for my future.
The 4G data speed is very slow on my phone. Can you check the issue?
I am sorry for the inconvenience sir
WHAT IS AUTOMATION
Sir It will be resolved by tomorrow
I want to pay bill for my mobile.
I'm happy to help you pick the right card for you. Could I ask you a few questions to better understand what you're looking for?
Wonderful. Well, we have two cards which best suit your needs. One is our Platinum flyer card, the other is our Gold shopper card.
How can I get reduced my home loan rate of interest
can u pls deactive the mobile number
I want to know my data usage
Thanks for providing the information
Weather forecast for Today in Kolkata
how to save yourself in flood
medicine to take care if you get dengu
What are the details of my loan account
May I know some information for some identification purpose
is there anything between your ears ?
Are you able to connect  to the company's intranet ?
Can you please tell my total bill amount for this month ?
You are talking to Sanjib
You want to report loss of SIM card
Sure you can !!
what is the maturity date of my loan?
I lost my debit card.
I forgot my credit card PIN.
I want block my credit card.
What is the time taken to realize outstation cheques?
How can I change the mode of repayment/ account for my loan?
Can I use e-Monies NEFT for foreign remittances?
Can these cards be used at any bank ATM in the country?
How can I check which is my Mobile Internet plan?
Do I need a separate handset to use 3G services?
What is your registered  phone number?
could you please activate my jio sim?
Do you also assist in Tax saving
I want new phone.
My ATM PIN is not working
Keep my doctor updated about my health
You are very humorous.
i want to change registered address
Please help me get my passbook updated for this month.
I want to change my billing address
I want to change my bill plan
Could you please give me more information about the cards available?
what is the number to check balance
What is the current home loan interest rates and how frequently it changes
what are the things I should take care before applying for MNP
Sure sir, Please confirm your number
Are there any special tariffs designed for people opting for MNP
Please change my billing address to.
What is the procedure to lodge a complaint if the Network is Slow ?
In my phone bank alerts will come
My bill includes unused service charges
what is interest rate on saving account?
My bill amount is incorrect
I want to deactivate my SIM
Which network you are using?
After login to my account, I am not able to access my account details
Where is my welcome kit ?
can you restore the services
I want to change my contact number.
The Box he found was empty
how to transfer money using internet?
New plan is very good.
how to activate call diverting ?
Voice quality is not coming properly, please check immediately
Water is life
Where is my Debit Card?
What is the status of my mobile number ?
Can I recharge any mobile?
I would like to change my billing cycle
I want to go for a personal loan
How can I lock my lost Android phone?
Is there any tracking feature available in 3G network?
Hey,  are you free now?
Where do you see yourself 5 years from now?
Tell us about your best/worst manager
i want to know my recharge status.
I am not sure how VAS got activated on my number
How do I check my data balance
Who is our Prime Minister?
Are you ready to sign up a bond with an organisation if required?
What according to you is the key to success for a call centre?
After I register, when does my service get active
I am facing call drop problems
What is the ShortCode for SIM activation ?
i want to change my bill plan?
I have a pen.
I want to change my billing address.
What according to you is the most ‘difficult job’? And if you ever got stuck into one, how will you counter it?
I want to change my billing address.
I have not received my refund as yet
I want to change the address on my account
please email me my bank account statement.
There is very poor network in my area.
Request to stop sending my mobile bill
Can I activate 3G services on my current mobile number ?
I want to know my SIM status
Can you please tell me the reason for change in billing address?
we need to drink plenty of water
My bill amount is incorrect.
We have to teach watson.
Which song do you want as a caller tone?
It is very important in driving revenue
The Constitution of India came into force on 26th January 1950.
how to create password
what is google chrome?
How does create the zip folder?
Do you support any particular Live Chat software?
we will check and let you know.
how can I help you ,sir?
What is your account number?
Signal strength is very poor and it is showing only one bar in signal.
What are the charges on IMPS fund transfer.
How are you?
Since when you are facing this network issue?
i want detail bill for last month
What is my account number
What is rate of interest on my Home loan account?
i would like port my number. please let me know the procedure and how much time it will take?
What is the current mobile plan running?
network speed is not good
I want to change my address
what is the balance in my account?
I am glad to assist you
i want to review my house loan
i want to review my office loan
i want to check my details in my car insurance
i want to check all my current account details
speaker of my phone is broke
you should call him back
i would like ti change my billing address for telecom services.
I think I’ll take this one.
How much tonne is required
Can I set up Standing Instruction on Debit Card for all types of biller?
Can I set a limit on amount for placing Standing Instruction on Debit Card
All you require is just a SIM change to start experiencing 4G services
How are you Watson?
Cash is not dispensed from ATM but still money is debited from my account
What speed can I get from a 4G connection
I am on roaming will I be able to use my voice and data
how do i update my KYC details ?
What is the general documentation requirement to open an Institutional Savings Account
How do I add another device and line of service to a Family SharePlan?
Personal Address Proof: any utility bill like phone, gas, electricity from the past 3 months
Personal Identity Proof: a copy of driving license, aadhaar card or voter id
What products can I sell on Amazon?
I don’t have a website, can I still sell on Amazon?
Can I talk to someone about selling on Amazon?
How does the Program benefit me?
Who takes care of the delivery of my products?
Who decides the price of the product?
Please give an example to show the cost calculation?
thank you, good night
Would I get compensation if the customer has returned damaged products?
How do I make Payment of my bills?
Why my account got charged twice this month.
do you know me
First of all you need to be calm and peaceful.
I want to open my account
I want to block my debit card
I want to change my bill plan
Your account balance is too low, please recharge it.
Please provide your current location.
Am sorry to know
What is my balance amount?
What is my age?
How are you doing?
Please give me latest statement of transactions.
I need a home loan
My Email id is correct
If you will not provide good network service then no one will be able to use your services
what is the procedure to close bank account ?
where i can find out tech training's for experienced
she is lucky
I respect my people.
What is best plan for me?
please tell me my current bill plan??
I want to know my house loan eligibility criteria
I want to know whether I am eligible for home loan?
My handset is not supporting your company telecom connection
I want to temporary suspend my data card plan
I have changed my billing address
After getting new SIM my SMS service is still not working?
Can I activate the Caller Tunes through SMS?
How much time it would take to get SIM deactivated
What is the best time to teach you?
Charges for new sim activation
How much is the highest limit of the credit in the offer?
How to activate my sim?
What plan I have on my mobile?
How to change my data package
The internet speed on mobile is slow. What do I do?
Tell me my mobile data card status ?
I have any Combo offer on my mobile number ending with 0889 ?
What is an Automated Teller Machine (ATM)?
I am very sorry for the inconvenience sir
What is the course of action for the customer if the complaint is not addressed by his/her bank within the stipulated time / not addressed to his/her satisfaction?
What is the Interest Rate on FD?
Thank you for calling Amazon. How may i help you today?
What is the interest rate
Can you let me know the my current calling plans
please accept the deactivation request
please keep it in safe custody
How can I change the owner of my account.
I want to change my address
How can i change billing address?
Hotel should be located in market
where is my purse
what is your name
Good Morning my name is Rohit Agrawal.
this is very beautiful painting
How is the weather today?
what is the date in which you applied for credit card?
Do I need to visit nearest store for changing my billing address?
How can I change my base branch
What is my bill amount?
How many free ATM transactions I can do in a month? Does it change in metro cities?
It will be repair in next week .
I have received bill of august and i have been charged more.
What is the cycle period of my airtel bill plan ?
where can I get Indian food?
Saurabh also plays cricket
Akhilesh kumar yadav is Chief Minister
football is very good game
Thank you for calling IBM. Have a great day
How  I can help you .
thanks for calling us
I want to order a demand draft
I had bought a sim which is not yet activated, I want to know why is it not activated
How to Invest the money for huge profit
Could you please help me out with Railway tickets?
i want to change my billing address
my SIM is not working
i have two bill for my data plan
Hi, This is Arshi calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
i want to have a new data plan
network is down
I want to open an new account in your bank
Hi, This is Shushant calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Can you please tell me the Roming charges in UP east
Hi, This is Arshpreet calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Prateek calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Bindu, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing Today?
Hi, This is Chiranjeev, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
My Transaction has failed but the money has been deducted from my account. When can I expect the refund?
Which all spends can be converted in EMI on my Credit Card?
Sure, let me find it by your name and mobile number.
If you can wait, I will get some thousand rupees notes as well.
Ram is cunning
Can you tell me how the telephone banking services work?
What is call diverting?
activate my 4g pack
Do you know who can help me?
what is my outstanding bill now
can I get my updated bill
I'd like to cash a traveler's cheque in rupees please.
Those who make the most threats seldom do anything
How long does it take for funds to be transferred from one account to another?
What is my loan balance?
I want duplicate bill
May I know my last 5 balance deduction?
i want to check my data balance
Why is 2nd Level authentication made mandatory for all Card related online transactions?
Can you please tell me the best roaming plan for my number?
What should I do if my Debit Card is not working?
how much is the data balance remaining in my account ?
What is the time frame to resolve Domestic ATM transaction disputes?
How do I report such service/merchant related transaction dispute incurred using my Debit Card transaction?
How can I change my Data plan?
Type of 3G Express Card
How does a Salary Account help me get a personal loan?
How can i Deactivate current Data plan?
Thanks for your anticipation.
I never requested you to start this service
Where is the fort?
I am not going to pay for a service that I havent used
You are not the only operator in business
you have to purchase roaming pack then only you can able to make calls
Thank you Have a nice day
whom do you want to talk to?
Can you give me itemized bill
What is my call usage minutes in this cycle month
I want to know my data balance
that is my old address
can you please help changing my billing address?
One color photograph
How to get the caller tune service activated on my phone?
What is the locker rent per month?
please stop my cheque
I want my tata sky account recharge done
Hello! I forgot my ATM pin, kindly reset it.
what is the error
The antecedents of the applicant have been examined
what percent of yr salary , you can get home loan
what is technology?
I want to change my bill plan
How can I change my billing cycle?
what is the daily limit for A.T.M. withdrawal?
i want to add nominee to my account
how many bank we have in india
what is draft in bank
what is RTG in bank
I have not received sms for pin reset
What is GPRS and how can I get it
Sir, For itemized bill you have to send an SMS for confirmation
what is the time right now?
You can get GPRS settings on your mobile
Will I get new SIM card from new Service provider / Mobile operator or I can use the old SIM itself?
please tell me my current bill plan
Please tell me, how can I help you
Thank you for calling my name is Watson. How may I help you today?
I never sent international SMS from my number.
Is there any service disruption during porting the mobile number?
My current mobile number is a Premium mobile number. Do I have to pay any premium charges to new mobile operator?
Can I cancel my Porting request?
What if I don′t like the new Mobile operators services and wanted to go back to my old Mobile Operator?
Sorry for inconvenience
I have observed that I am not receiving my itemized bill.
I want to change my bill plan.
What is my bill amount?
My balance is showing wrong.
I want to change my bill plan?
I want to change my billing date
Thank you for being on hold Sir
Be honest is always good
How much is the due amount.
what are the available for my number?
What is date my payment received for last bill ?
We ask about our doubts clarification mostly with Bills.
A bad workman blames his tools.
billing address
Your workstation was cleaned when you were away
Don’t look a gift horse in the mouth.
I want Alternate number Activation
I want Temporary Suspension for all my services
please Deactive my Message Services
How soon will my updated billing address go into effect?
Can I change my billing address in My app?
Order is fulfilled or service is scheduled
This service is not available on your phone.
I want a cheque book
Payment status is not reflecting on my account.
what is my available balance in my savings account
Checking Account balance
I am not able to change my pin
How DO I check my  mobile balance
How can i get nano sim
Hindi is a descendent of Sanskrit. Its words and grammar follows that of the ancient language
How Do I opt for ebill
what are the various modes of bill payment available to me.
You can pay your mobile bill through the following Options
Please recharge
How to know the status of balance amount?
What is my Current balance?
This room is so dirty
I want to change my billing address
My bill is not coming as per my usage.
Thank you for calling ABC Telecom
I want to confirm the flight status for tomorrow? Could you please help me out
You can choose to open an account online
All you need to do is submit your info online
Repo rate is the rate at which our banks borrow rupees from RBI
Cash reserve Ratio (CRR) is the amount of funds that the banks have to keep with RBI
When an account has insufficient funds the cheque is is not payable and is returned by the bank with a reason “Exceeds arrangement” or “funds insufficient”.
BANK RATE  is the rate of interest charged by a central bank to commercial banks on the advances and the loans it extends.
My billing details are not correct
How can I use the GPRS service on my Idea connection?
Can I block my Idea connection if I’ve lost the SIM card?
How can I activate International roaming?
How do I check all the Value Added Services on my number, How to activate new Value Added Services?
What are the charges for call wait/ call hold?
What is call diverting?
How do I upgrade or convert my present Citibank credit card?
How do I apply for a credit card that can be used within India and overseas?
What is a Credit Limit Increase offer?
What is the minimum amount due and how is it calculated?
My card is damaged, How can I request for a replacement?
What should I do if my credit card got debited twice?
How do I dispute a transaction?
What is the accelerated reward points offer and when will the points be credited?
How do I redeem my reward points against the card outstanding?
Why am I being charged late payment charges? How is it calculated?
Will I be charged for ATM Cash withdrawal?
How do I make cash payment for my credit card?
What is the Merchant EMI conversion?
Is there a facility to convert my insurance premium to EMIs?
How do I register for Bill Pay facility?
Hello how are you
What is my current Tariff plan
I have lost my phone and want to get my SIM locked
Cheque status
What is the home loan rate of interest?
my outgoing is barred, can you please tell me the reason
Which tour package is cheaper, Malasiya or Thailand
What is the last payment date on my loan?
how can I change my bill plan
Who is eligible for ATM Card?
please, calm down, and stop yelling at me.
How to get internet banking activated?
what is my bill amount?
Do you know hindi isnt that difficult to learn we all shall teach you
what is the Maturity Value of my fixed deposit?
do u provide personal loan on top of housing loan?
What is my Credit card bill for last month
Will my free Reliance Jio preview SIM card stop working after Jio’s commercial launch?
do you provide loan against fixed deposit ?
What are the details of my loan account
do you provide loan against fixed deposits
Well, you can have it if you are employed and having a regular income.
Well, are there any application forms I have to fill?
Where is my welcome kit ?
How to close a demat account
Send me savings account statement or e-statement for January
Where is my ATM PIN?
Can I know, what sort of problem you are facing?
I am sorry; I have only five hundred rupees notes. If you can wait, I will get some thousand rupees notes as well.
Yes, I am. Here is my passbook.
is there any new data plan available for my phone
I appreciate your patience.
can you provide the latest 25 transactions in my bank savings account
May I have your Account Number, please
how to recharge mobile
I am facing frequent call drop problem.
- Enter one sentence per submission only.
Very first we need to contact customer care
Whom do I contact for the network related issues ?
what is the validity for a demand draft?
Bills Not Received
I want to change by address
Whether existing Roaming Free STVs / Plans will be available after 15.06.2015 ?
How long can I take to repay my personal loan?
Can I upgrade my 2G handset to 3G by some software upgrade ?
Tell me the process for Mobile portability?
Which 3G handset models are available in the market ?
Can you transfer my call to billing team?
Will my no. change if I upgrade to 3G?
What happens if I run out of my data or SMS allowance for the month?
What is USIM ?
Do I have to pay extra amount for duplicate copy of bill?
I want to change my correspondence address
The state of Hawaii is an archipelago in the mid-Pacific Ocean. The U.S. territories are scattered about the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean Sea, stretching across nine official time zones
The first inhabitants of North America migrated from Siberia by way of the Bering land bridge and arrived at least 15,000 years ago
The nuclear family has been considered the "traditional" family since the communist scare in the cold war of the 1950s.
What is Goods and Services Tax (GST)? Who is required to charge GST?
How do I make a cheque payment for my credit card?
I want to pre-close or cancel my loan on credit card, what are the charges?
Will I receive a refund of the premium on cancellation of the policy?
How do I close my Credit Card Account?
How do I block my credit card?
I want to change my bill plan.
How can i know my data end date?
What is the procedure to check balance ?
What is the code to check balance ?
what is the procedure to get new sim card?
Good morning Sir
How does the EMI on credit card work?
Once you take the EMI route, your credit card limit is automatically reduced by the amount of principal outstanding. As and when you keep paying the EMI, the debt reduces.
However, would you mind telling me why you’re canceling so we can improve for future customers?
it’s been great chatting with you!
If you find it doesn’t help solve your problem, please don’t hesitate to reach me again.
If you find it doesn’t help solve your problem, please don’t hesitate to reach me again.
I hope you’re having a good day so far!  I’m just writing to let you know your recent payment has failed to process for live chat service.
Are there any additional fees associated with chip cards?
How do I change my ATM or debit card PIN (Personal Identification Number) or request a new PIN?
How do I lock/unlock my card if I misplace it?
How can I help avoid problems if I plan to use my debit card while traveling domestically or internationally?
What is an affinity debit card?
How do I change my legal name?
India is the golden word.
How do I stop payment on a personal check?
When will I receive my credit card?
I did not receive my PIN number in the envelope with my new debit card
Smoking is injurious to health.
What are other bill payment options?
Please reopen my previous complain
Can I continue with the same service as that of my old SIM?
Is call diverting facility available on the network?
Check my status of last  recharge of my roaming plan
Can I use my balance in my SIM to recharge data packs?
Is 4G connection available in all states of India?
How much will it cost for 4G?
Subscribe my e-mail for promotional scheme related to roaming plan
Subscribe to my e-mail for promotional scheme related to top-up plan
What are the requirements to begin using 4G?
How to activate caller tunes?
I am connected to network but not able call to any number
Do door to door facility is provided by your network?
Register a complain for my 3g balance deducted without notified me
Hello How are You
For verification purpose can I get your full name and mailing address details?
What is my account balance
I want to know the process of applying personal loan via net-banking.
How can i open the account in the bank.
I want to know the IFSC code for my bank branch
I need some information regarding my Bank account.
how to link my aadhaar with my account
i want to lean english
I want to change network because my previous service is not giving me proper service, their network is very bad and also their customer service is not very responsive
please enter your name and password
How is the weather going to be today here?
I have recharged for a plan but not received benefits yet, could you please help with this?
hey Watson how do you do
How do i pay my credit card bill with my savings account?
How can I check the payment schedule for my loan?
What are the part payment charges for a Tractor Loan?
What are the part payment charges for a Car Loan?
What are the part payment charges for a Personal Loan?
What are the part payment charges for a Education Loan?
What is the late payment penalty on a Car Loan?
What is the late payment penalty on Two Wheeler Loan?
I didn't receive any feedback call after raising Mobile Number Portability request.
How are you?
Another thing, once the speed would not fit your needs, which rarely happens, , we have a 30-day money back guarantee that allows you to cancel within the first 30 days of service.
However, you will be responsible for any additional charges including, but not limited to, On Demand, Pay Per View, international calls, any 'pay for use' feature and non-returned equipment charges.
How to get the monthly statement of my bank account?
Yes, since we have updated our service, rest assured that it doesn't have the same speed you had before.
How much would it cost me to port to a new mobile service provider?
What is the status of my talk time recharge?
How long does it take to activate a new SIM card?
Is there any tele verification process to activate a new SIM card?
yesterday i had a recharge of rs. 200.
Are the modem's lights blinking?
How can i change my billing address
paper bill not received, please register complaint
May i know how to change my billing address
Thanks for changing my address details
thank you so much for this issue
please transfer the call to right department
do not disturb service is activated on my mobile number
Can u explain billing address change policy
Can I have your name please
What is the procedure to add/modify or delete a nominee for all my accounts and deposits
Voice & Others offers are complimentary
How can i check my rechage status?
where are we going
what is best recharge plans we have
How can I help?
I want to apply for Credit card
data has been stopped due to unpaid bill payment
I want to open mobile banking
I want to apply for net banking
Why these extra charges were added in my bill?
When will my NetBanking IPIN (password) not work?
The Customer is required to specifically apply for deposit related products in accordance with specific terms and conditions
The Customer also understands that for availing a loan against such Term/Fixed Deposit or for premature termination of such a Term/Fixed Deposit
What does an EMI mean?
How Do i repay the Loan?
WHAT IS MY BILL AMOUNT
Hi My name is Abhishek. Please note down my account number.
What do I do if I have a damaged sim?
What do I do if I have lost the SIM?
Why my Phone has issue ?
Hi, I am gautam speaking
Please tell me some better data plans ?
How can i get to know about expiry date about the plan?
how can i get know about recharge details?
I am very happy to tell you that you are eligible for 25 lakhs home loan.
My bill has some charges for a subscription which i have already deactivated
what is my bill amount
Since you wish to discontinue with the auto-renewal facility on your current fixed deposit, hence I am logging a request for same.
Kindly confirm that you wish to send the demand draft via courier or local post.
This is to inform you that the processing fee and taxes applicable for the demand draft will be deducted from your account directly.
What I need to do after I receive my debit card PIN ?
I want to order demand draft on my school address ?
MY PHONE HAS NETWORK ISSUE
how to change my network ?
THE PHONE IS NOT REACHABLE
there you need to fill K.Y.C form and submit it
could you tell me office address near to gandhinagar
can I have my repayment schedule as on today for my existing loan
poor network
I could see that there are some service charges in my current billing statement. May I know what are those charges for?
my bill amount is incorrect
I want to change the interest rate of my home loan, please send me the respective document to fill and revert you.
what is my bill amount?
what is the procedure for having a locker in your bank?
bill is sent to your mobile number
Please stop the payment of my check issued by me. The check number is ABCxxxxxx.
Could you please check the status?
HOW TO OPEN A LOCKER ACCOUNT
i need to reset my ATM pin
I  want to know the bill amount of my mobile phone
I want to block my debit card
I want to deactivate a service on my mobile
what is your plan for tomorrow ?
How are you?
I want to have an itemized bill for August, 2017
I want a new cheque book to be issues to me
Please don't share your ATM PIN with anyone.
what is the rate of interest of home loan
how do i get the password on the phone
I want to know the additional top up data plan available for my number
How do I link my AADHAR number with my mobile number?
What is the periodicity of bill ?
Please provide me the statement of my recent transaction
I have an issue with network at my area
How do i send money to another account?
I’m calling to clarify
Could you spell that for me, please?
I want to understand my current usage charges
clarification of amount debited in your savings account by the bank.
I want to get a statement of my recent transactions.
Can I access my account information online?
i can go for this plan
Does the account pay me interest?
What is the eligibility to open a savings account?
I'm facing an issue with your network.
cow is our mother
I'm interested to know my current bill plan so that I can change it
Accessing your bill
thank you for your support
please stay on line
May i know you name?
How can I get a duplicate bill?
when i can get my cheque book?
I am getting SIM deactivate while making any call
What is the current balance of my recurring deposit account?
please give me demand draft
I am logging a high priority ticket against your unresolved query.
change my bill plan
Let's go to vaishno devi
what is your account number?
I have a bank account but I don’t use it – can I start using it again?
Identifying customer needs and responding to them.
what do you think of yourself ?
i want to activate internet service
What is my last paid bill amount ?
could you please book a train ticket for me
How do I avoid bank fees and charges?
tomorrow is my birthday.
how can I have locker in the bank
Quickly going through detailed information to find relevant facts.
I want to apply for education loan.
Hi, I have some query regarding my monthly plan, I am paying 650 /PM. I saw your advertisement it says you also have 145 Rs plan with same facilities. Is it possible to change my plan now.
Communicating new initiatives and key issues to prospective customers
Hi, I am ashhish, Can you please tell me the minimum amount due for this month bill cycle.
i want to activate 3G services on my phone
I did not get the receipt of my bill payment.
How to open bank account?
what is your account type?
i want to change the address
network is down due to server problem
Please, Block my Credit Card
I need to change my SIM card.
I want to upgrade my plan .Could you provide me details of plans having low tariff
How much time will require for approval of home loan?
I want to change my address
Could you please process my refund request?
I want to know how much I have consumed from my data plan.
I would be going to see a match later this evening.
you wouldn't know importance of a pinch of vermilion.
How are you?
Can you tell me details of some yearly internet plans.
you should know thi s already
are you ok tonight
What is the diameter of earth?
is there any plan for 30 GB Data for a month. but if I will not use 1 GB in a day then it will be continue for next day.
My phone was theft in the metro and I immediately requested the network provider to terminate my existing number and issue a duplicate SIM of same number.
How the universe started?
what is duration of Loan
how to open a savings account
i want to change my billing address
what are the equated monthly installment plan available with you
What should I do if I lose my card?
I want to check my Data Balance
i want to change my bill plan.
I like to live in this world peacefully.
most of the time sound is getting low during call
Do you know, how to prepare coffee
Thank you for being with us
Could you please provide more information on this.
What is the credit limit ?
give me all details
what is my bill number
what is my monthly tariff?
I wants to learn new technologies and work on it.
I want to change my plan
Please activate roaming on my number
Here is the application form. Please fill it and give it to the saving bank counter
ATM card will be delivered to you by post
We are happy to help you.
Customer should destroy the card upon card expiry or closure of account, cut it into four pieces through the magnetic strip/chip before disposing it off.
What are the billing options do you have?
Take Your Seat
Show me my bill.
Have a good day.
you are welcome in my house.
Can I watch IPTV while taking lecture through tele-education?
How do I know my recent deductions?
Is there any change in landline dialing pattern?
Will I be able to access GPRS service whilst National roaming?
How can I link/ register my mobile number with my credit card?
My laptop says "Not being able to connect". What should I do?
Can I use same Premium card across Airports? Or other Tata Docomo Public Wi-Fi hotspots ?
How can I check my balance and validity information?
How can I update my alternate contact number?
Can I use the lounges irrespective of the airline I am flying with?
If someone made a movie of your life would it be a drama, a comedy, a romantic-comedy, action film, or science fiction?
Can I see details of my account online?
How can I use  broadband complaint tool?
What should I do if I have a dual SIM phone to get the best mobile internet experience?
ICICI Bank Rubyx Cards
I have not received the welcome gift and I have received an SMS/email stating that my welcome gift is not delivered and returned to ICICI Bank. Whom to approach to resend the welcome gift?
If you were guaranteed the answer to one question, what would it be?
How will the customer know if the transaction is successful for Coral Contactless credit card?
Can I get the interest calculation sheet for the interest charged on credit card?
Is it mandatory for a customer to open a savings account for creating an FD?
I have another bank credit card in addition to my ICICI Bank Credit Card. Can I use this to make a payment at the merchant partner?
What is a temporary credit-limit enhancement on my credit card?
How I can make the payment towards my credit card EMI transactions?
I'm entitled to receive Complimentary Jet Airways base fare ticket code on the Jet Airways credit card. Where will I receive the base fare waiver ticket code?
Does customer gets a personalized credit card?
What are the different modes to pay credit card dues?
Is there any SMS facility to check credit card balance details?
I want to port my sim card
Could you speak English when you were five years old?
How to activate DND Service ?
How to deactivate the DND Service .
Ok, let me check
Why have you activated caller tune without my permission ?
What are the new recharge plans ?
Why there is an extra charge to my bill
What are the new recharge plans, please let me know ?
Yes,I will do the same!
I like to teach you.
How can I help you?
Why Are Cables So Gosh Darn Expensive?
I want my credit card limit to be increased
What are the best recharge offer for my network?
How do I activate international roaming?
What is international roaming?
I want to speak to your manager.
I can fix that for you, could I have your customer identification number
I want to open savings account.
this is a service call from vodafone
Which city I am residing?
Could you please help me in order to change my data plan?
What is the interest in housing loan ?
The EMI cancellation will not be automated.
Pre-payment charges on foreclosure of the EMI facility will apply at the interest rate of the outstanding principal amount of the loan.
I am getting frequent call drops in my home location
What are the types of loan products available?
What is the security for the loan?
how to get duplicate sim
What is Call Center Jobs description?
I noted down your complaint number.
Have a great day ahead.
Along with the home loan details, do u have a list of readily available flats please?
If i have to choose linked account or different amount what should i do?
simple living, high thinking
Will the customer be intimated once the updation is done?
Can these cards be used at any bank/non-bank ATM (WLA) in the country?
How can i apply for a home loan?
How to search account
mine debit card expired last 31st but bank still didnot sent me new debit card till date.
I do not know my profile password
changing the billing address
May i assist you
What is your name?
ordering a demand draft
I have to make a demand draft for my college, so what are the process and requirements for it?
The e-Bill Pay service is a convenient bill payment facility where subscribers can view and make bill payments online
how to check the Balance?
I want to close the connection
what is my current pre paid balance
my data usage is very high for this month , want to know the reason
What is my FD amount, tenor, interest %?
How to Choose Best Fixed Deposit Plan?
Hi Good Afternoon
when is my next due date to pay the bill
What is my savings account credit amount this month
what is your old address?
I want to change my current bill plan
I would like to change my billing address.
how can I order a dd?
I am not able to use conference service on my number
Bank  may  also  dispatch  the  personalized  cheque  book at  the  customer  address registered in his/her account with the Branch.
Issue of cheque without sufficient funds in the account may attract penalty
why my account was deducted monthly charges..
which bank offers best perks and benefits to its customers?
Do not leave gaps in the completion of the payee name, amount in words and in figures.
I want to know my bill related information(bill cycle,Credit limit etc.)
May I know your Date Of Birth please?
what is repo rate and reverse-repo rate.
I want new credit card
why I am being charged higher than the normal call rate?
the data limit of the plan has exceeded as per the application
How to get details of last 5 paid bills?
I want to deactivate my number. I have lost my phone somewhere.
Please be honest here- are you sure that plan is really suitable for four heavy internet users, or are you just saying whatever you can to get me to sign up?
To answer your question, we have upgraded and updated our U-verse High Speed Internet services. our U-verse High Speed Internet service would fit your streaming needs.
Hello what would be the estimated delivery date of my mobile?
what is DND?
how to check status of DND
what is call?
how to activate Roaming
how to deactivate Roaming
what is Video Call?
what is Flash Deactivation?
how to activate Family Plan
how to deactivate Services On Prepaid
Please raise a request for SIM new connection for me
Within the next 48 hours you will receive an email providing details for accessing your candidate portal,
can we transfer home loan to another bank
May i know current Mobile Number Porting  status
can i open fixed deposit on my father's name
Please share the details of my current plan
What are the available data plans ?
Please change my caller tune.
Please revise my plan.
Are there any data plans that can be shared across family members?
How much is the late payment fees ?
Please remove the caller tune from my number
How to select the default language of my bill statement
what is Airtel Secure?
He works in IBM
Can you please check my balance due in my Saving account?
i want to update my billing address
I want to switch to postpaid plan instead of prepaid
What is the amount of my Housing Loan?
How may i assist you?
I want to know my account balance.
what is the status of my roaming pack?
My manager Understands everyone situations very well
who is responsible for barring my outgoing call facility
what is the cost of ultrasound in your branches
can you deliver the packet at clock tower
why my call dropped again and again
Where do I get details about Outstanding Bills ?
I request you to look into this matter closely.
When can the beneficiary expect to get the credit to his bank account?
minimum tenure for home loan
Kindly provide the resolution date.
I want to change my tarrif plan.
how i can change my monthly plan
What will be the repayment schedule on my credit card EMI?
can i have my ticket number for this issue
How do I switch back to 3G?
How to calculate interest charge.?
My phone was switched off yesterday.
i have network problem in my area. can you solve it?
Request new PIN
Upgrade bank account
Thank you. Let me just check on it.
Be positive
i did not receive the bill to the changed billing address
How to activate caller tune on my mobile number ?
The recharge failed.how long it will take for the refund of the amount
The recharge amount is not reflected in the balance.
this hotel is good
How to Choose Best Fixed Deposit Plan?
I am getting a very slow data speed since a week.
What is a credit note?
What is the meaning of invoice?
How can i get value added services activated on my number?
what is employee engagement
Is there any extra charge for recharging?
Yes, you can make complaint if you have received any commercial communication even after registering with fully blocked category.
Where can I find mobile recharge promotions?
empty bottle
The understanding in his eyes told me so
I'm so sorry, I'm not really taking it on you, and am not trying to be a difficult customer.
I am yet to get a response to my service request 1234
You're very much welcome, Miss. Brown. I hope I was able to make you a very satisfied customer!
I want to know my data balance
What is your name?
Where is my welcome kit ?
Any SMS usage beyond 3000 SMS (within bundle or otherwise) per Bill Cycle per SIM will be charged at 1.00/1.50.
Please activate 3G service on my phone
I am getting frequent network down on this number.
How do I know my call charges?
I am software engineer
What is my bill amount
What is the initial pay in amount required for opening your Bank Savings Account?
I want to port my no. please tell me how to do it.
I want to change my Plan
heavy vehicals keep left
Signal is very weak in my area.
I would like to talk to your supervisor
How can I pay my bill?
What will happen if I recharge with two data packs on same day?
I need to change my bill plan. How will it be reflected in the bill if its being done in the mid of the same billing cycle?
I recently changed my handset. Can you help me to activate the data connection on this phone?
I want to change my plan's billing cycle.
Thank you for your call to Amazon
I worked very hard
Thank you for calling Pizza Hut
I am getting married
I have an issues with my phone network.
She is my girl friend
Data Balance related
How soon are you looking to a new house
I need the last 10 transactions on my bank account
I am going to Delhi
did you pay the bill?
What is your name?
What is my loan tenure?
I lost my debit card. I want to block it.
What document I need for opening an account in bank?
We are working on your concern and would require some more time to resolve it. We shall keep you updated of the progress.
What will be my credit limit?
How to Apply for Demand Draft Online
can i help you with something else
Sir, they are our opening hours
my Cheque book is outdated, how can i get new cheque book
What is the procedure to make a Demand Draft?
Please tell me a sentence in Hindi language.
We will send you a copy
I want to port my number
I want to know last 3 transaction.
I want to my Billing Address
What's the status of my re-charge?
choose when to pay them
my new address is B4 , Friends enclave, -123456
What do you do?
I want to change by billing address ?
I have not received my debit card that I had ordered
I want to add near landmark in my existing billing address.
In how many hours the Sim will get activated?
i want to change my services from prepaid to postpaid
I have received my cheque book
how much time you take to resolve my issue
Please help to calculate the maturity value of fixed deposit.
My mobile number 1234567891
I want to change the billing address
Do you want to deactivate any services on your number?
Hello,thanks for contacting us for the same.Yes you can log the ticket to update your new address.
I want to update by aadhar number
types of balance
I want to change my billing address
Can you please tell me why my data bill for last month is so much? As far as I remember, I haven't used much of my mobile data.
what are the services activated on my account ?
There is an error in the document.
What different plans are available ?
what is the current bill plan on my number?
What you understand by the term “Customer Satisfaction”?
What if I need help using the service
How is your health now?
I have few questions about my current bill.
If well qualified, would you still want to work in a call centre?
Have you received your debit card from bank
What will you do if a customer turns aggressive/abusive?
What does customer service mean to you?
How can I make my number free from roaming charges
Have you ever missed a deadline? Rate your work management skills on a scale of 10.
I did not get the debit card for my account. Can you please check and send to me. I have already raised request for this in the bank.
My old SIM is not working
do you want something?
Can I change the bank or credit card account details entered in the Auto Pay registration form
I want to receive my debit card.
The sim that I purchased yesterday has still not been activated.
What is your name?
I want to check my data balance.
What movie are you and the family going to see?
Can you please share the latest data plans ?
I am very happy to see you again.
I want to change my bill plan
I want to order demand draft.
can you give receipt of cheque book?
Can you let me know what is the balance of my saving account?
I am moving out of the country, so I would like to close my T mobile Phone Service starting 30th Sep 2017. Could you please guide me in doing that?
When will  verification call will come for new SIM activation?
My name is Sanchit and I am working for Sandvik account.
I have forgotten my pin number. please resend it.
Can i talk to your supervisor.
I would like to update my billing address to latest address. Can you please help me with this ?
How to get a mobile prepaid connection?
Can you please help me with your current billing address?
Customer: my internet connection is not good
How much time it will take to change the billing address?
She has long arms and legs.
i need to know about my mobile number portability?
How do I port my current sim to other company?
How do I deactivate a monthly 3G data pack?
Have you lost your checkbook?
My Balance has been deducted from my account.
My utilization is 110%
How to update phone numbers and email address of account
What are the terms and conditions of complete prepayment of my balance loan amount
Without disturbing anyone in the family.
Please activiate 3G service on my Mobile number
Do you like pets?
How can we opt for ebill
Do you have a pet?
what is my balance
you are a good person
What is my data balance ?
In this frequently changing world, we must skill up our knowledge to adhere to the change so that we don't get left behind.
WHAT ABOUT MY ROAMING PLAN
do you have locker facility in your bank
thanks for contacting us
We will call you back as soon as possible.
i have no money
I want to upgrade my mobile data plan. can you help.
Who are you?
Why is my SIM card blocked?
I have lost my mobile phone, what should I do?
i want to exchange that.
How does ensure long-term results?
How to get a new Connection? What are the documents required?
What is the SMS Directive?
How many types of roaming services are available?
How are usages on Mobile Connect billed?
In case I’m not using  Mobile Connect, what are the possible circumstances where I might be billed for data usage?
How do I close my account?
I think we have lost connection.
Can you please be on hold while I check the details.
I am facing issue with the internet.
How to apply for a new SIM.
where is the capital of India.
Where is my Physical Statement of Credit account?
I want to deactivate message service on my registered mobile number.
What are the benefits of locker facility ?
Show transactions from last 1 week.
Schedule my Credit Card Payment for 15th of every month.
Recharge my mobile for Rs. 100.
What is the annual charges for credit card?
What is the annual charges for debit card?
issue with network?
Do you want to know about a housing loan?
What are the product features?
Deactivate / Activate Card
Register for Verified By Visa (VBV)
What is the cheap and best data plan available?
I love to read and write
how to stop auto-sync of my mobile?
How do I get the status of my inward/outward cheque transaction?
How do I change my credit card information?
Will I have the STD, ISD and Roaming facility on my Idea Post-paid connection?
How can I recharge my pre-paid account?
I want paper bill every month
Click the Edit Billing Address button
How much should I deposit?
What is the process of opening an NRI account in your bank
What is your name?
Please give me 500 rupees
Please give details about recharge plans
Yesterday i slept for whole day
Sorry for the inconvenience caused to you
She was in delhi
I just had my dinner
I am calling today to talk about how Watson works
Please stop the transaction for this check which I have deposited
Whom do I contact for the sim related issues ?
Where is my Debit Card?  ( cust ID required )
Whom do I contact for the prepaid related issues ?
Whom do I contact for the server related issues?
Tariff Change
I hope the information and assistance i provided was helpful.
Could you please let me know my account balance
Would you please tell me that how can I activate internet services?
what is cash collection process?
Could you please send me the duplicate bill?
How do I check the remaining balance on my prepaid number?
I can't understand my bill at all
How do I reactivate/deactivate my account?
Where is your customer care center located
“National Telemarketers Register” means a national data base containing details of telemarketers registered with the Authority.
What is meant by ‘Partially Blocked Category?
your time is valuable for us
How do I get a new SIM Card?
All lines in this route are busy
how may I help you ?
My Name Is Garima.
i need bill on my mail and not on my address
I wants to learn new technologies and work on it.
I am getting system error at the time of enter.
Can you check my account?
i want to check the status of a ticket
Feedback On Customer Service
What is Airtel Family plan ?
Can I recharge my Mobile online ?
I have forgotten my Internet Banking password for my account.
My Internet Banking password is not working, it seems to be blocked.
What are the fees for using an ATM?
How do I dispute a transaction on my ATM or debit card?
What should I do if my ATM or debit card PIN (Personal Identification Number) isn't working?
Why are my services not been disconnected even after I requested 2 days back?
Is there a difference between signing a receipt and using my PIN (Personal Identification Number) to authorize a debit card purchase?
How many employees are there in IBM?
How do Transactions Made After Business Day Cut-off impact my account?
please remove voicemail service
What is current value of IBM's Stock?
I want to migrate my number
How can I change my plan ?
I have total experience of 9 years.
What are the part payment charges for a Home Loan?
What is the late payment penalty on Personal Loan?
I want to report a lost credit card
My handset is lost, how do I get a new SIM card?
What is my total bill amount
Why is it necessary to keep Rs. 5000 as an average balance in a bank savings account?
What is the impact of the GST on our economy?
Thanks for being on hold
I want to activate international roaming
When I try to open this website in the browser it says that the page cannot be displayed
can we pay our bill online? and how to do that ? please assist
What is roaming on your mobile phone?
Is incoming messages free on international roaming?
I want to check my savings balance.
What are home loan tenure options?
Is there an issue with my network in my area?
How can I help you
please tell your address
What is Mini Statement?
What would be your billing address?
What is a billing address number?
Which mobile network you are using in India?
Personally, I would recommend you to try BM Cloud.
Please issue a demand draft of Rs.10,000 favoring ABC Limited payable at Bangalore .
I really want to appreciate your help.
I want to change my billing address
My Name is Gundeep Singh and i speak to Rob on daily basis.
We are not asking you loan.
I want to open a Saving Bank account
How will you enjoy working in a call center?
my billing amount is incorrect
To change your existing billing address please visit the nearest store or send us an email
I want to change my password.
is my iphone is 4g compatible
please convert my savings account to salary account
What is Multi City Cheque Book?
When a cheque book is issued please count the leaves contained therein before using any of them.
Please return the unused checks when account is closed.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
How can I apply for cheque book ?
I need the statement of last 20 days of my bank account.
What is the minimum balance to be maintained in an NRI account
My name is Azmi Haseeb
I would like to know my remaining money in my account.
I feel so stupid for calling you about this.
We'll make sure that we freeze your account, so no one can use your Credit Card.
Sure, go ahead. What do you wanna ask?
All are equal
Can I get a copy of previous bills
Thank you!Have a great day.
My cheque book print address is different with my account address.
In which citty your branch is located ?
Tell me my loan type ?
I want to know my loan account type ?
I want update my address in my loan account.
What is the first payment date of loan account ending with 2316 ?
What is the total balance paid on my education loan ending with 9682 ?
Tell me  joint account holder name of account ending with 3238 ?
What is the balance of recurring account ending with 5646 ?
Mail me how much I spend of my last 9 month and 3 weeks and 5 d1ys on my debit card ending with 3246.
Cancel my schedule payment of telephone bill on 2nd day of month.
My customer id is 6330067 for my debit card
How repo rate decrease will effect my fixed deposit interest rate  ?
How repo rate decrease will effect my savings deposit interest rate  ?
Can I transfer my Current Account from one branch to another?
Do I need to pay any penalty on premature closure of Fixed Deposits?
How can I book a Fixed Deposit through NetBanking?
I want to make a change to my subscription pack?
I want to change my correspondence address
I want to know my unbilled amount
How can I activate a Bonus card or Data pack with my available Balance?
In my home, I am not getting network connectivity, Could you help me in this?
I want to know my current phone bill plan and change it.
You can convert your account from postpaid to pre-paid instead of closing
to convert your account into pre-paid, you have to first pay all your outstanding bill amount
Activate 4G on my number.
Why you guys keeps on calling me for money?
Is the rate of interest is different for different Loan amount?
There is very limited network of Tata Docomo in Manyata Tech Park near IBM Premises.
My current Bill plan does not suit me
How do I get compensated if I was forced to travel in a lower class than what I had booked, or Air Conditioning was not working etc?
How will I get my tickets delivered?
How much time before my date of journey should I give to ensure Home Delivery?
What is post-paid subscription?
For how long can the Pre-paid card be used?
How do I make Payment of my bills?
How do I get a duplicate Bill?
How do I know the latest tariff plans?
Will all my incoming messages be charged while roaming in India or abroad?
Where can we find the option for Live Chat on the website?
What is the eligibility to avail credit limit enhancement?
What is my payment due date and how do I check the same?
How do I know if there is an excess balance on my credit card and will it be adjusted against my card outstanding?
How can I get a new card, if my existing card is lost?
What are the different types of PINS?
How can I view my statement online?
What are the charges for international transactions?
What are charges levied if there is a delay / non-payment of my credit card dues?
What is the rate of interest and the EMI amount for a loan on the credit card?
What is Balance Transfer and how do I avail the same?
How long will it take for the Bill Pay registration to be completed?
Can I link all Citibank products availed by me through the online self-select option?
where is my ATM PIN ?
What are the fees for using an ATM?
How do I change my ATM or debit card PIN (Personal Identification Number) or request a new PIN?
national animal is tiger
want the latest itemized bill
Where is meeting room?
Are you from where?
Did you carry your atm card with you
What is technical error?
Hi, How are you. I am fine, how about yourself. Doing Good, Thanks.
Which is the best plan for unlimited SMS ?
I never get mobile network inside the office
I want a new cheque book
Why am I receiving alerts on my number?
What are your roaming charges?
Do you have any unlimited 4G data plan
My personal data need to be updated
How can I Configure data settings?
How can I check which is my Mobile Internet plan?
What is a Parked Report?
I want to change my address
My ATM Debit card is not working please help
my net banking password is locked please help
I have lost my debit card please can you help
what is my bill amount
why Do Not Disturb facility is not working on my number
foreign banks and the smaller private sector banks have registered higher increase in deposits.
I want to link  my accounts?
how much is my bill ?
I would like to know my debit card status
Incorrect email ID is showing in my postpaid bill
i am going home
What is the rate of this plan ?
What is the warranty period for the handset
I am not getting 3G data but 2G only
I want to know if I get any prompt discount for payment before due date
What is the call rate for STD?
I want to know my data balance
i want to open a fixed deposit
What documents required to change the in name on my account details
I want to disconnect my number
I want to disconnect my sim as I lost it
Is anti-virus or firewall software bundled or provided by company
How can I request for a new atm card?
What are benefits of Smartup Solutions?
If I have a query, do I need to visit the branch?
I want to know about the security deposit for ISD calling
how much time does it take to update email address in your database
I am not well today
vodafone network is bad
my debit card is not working. What can I do now
what documents we require for a personal loan?
I want to apply for new credit card.
Thank you for the information
Is there an annual fee charged to the ATM card?
Why was Balance deducted for my number
I'm so sorry, I'm not really taking it on you, and am not trying to be a difficult customer.
Also sir, this is available to you for next seven days.
what are charges for family internet plan
Children play chess everyday
I want to upgrade my debit card
Bill soft copy not received on email ID
How long can the bank take to resolve my billing error dispute on my credit card?
May I know your concern?
I want to operate my locker?
How much time will it take to activate my SIM.
Once I raise the high priority ticket, then the issue will be escalated to technical teams for immediate resolution to your unresolved query.
What is the due date of my credit card bill?
Please keep my identity anonymous.
Mobile signal in my office is very bad
Is it right time to talk to you?
What do you parents do?
please, follow the rules and regulations.
How much money can I lock in a Fixed Deposit?
I would like to order a new cheque book with 50 leaves. what is the process for ordering?
How far is Delhi to Kolkata
For datapacks offer and recharge press 4.
Are there any tax benefits associated with an FD?
if you want to speak with our customer care executive then please press 9.
What are the technologies used in your project?
My team has done a good job.
there is some disturbance during the call
What is my bill due date?
What is your new address?
How to change my home address?
what is the procedure to recharge
How may I assist you?
What are the roaming charges as per my current plan?
How Do I make payments?
Tell me about mobile number portability?
could you please increase my credit limit
Each country and states have their own language.
What documents are required for mobile number portability?
I want to talk to your senior manager
I have not recieved my refund. by when will I get my refund.
Please change my address in bill
Please help me to port my number
I want a new data card
Send my bill on my mail
In 499 plan you have only 3G data facility and Most of the time 3G data connection very slow.
I want to know my outgoing call details of last month
I have received good feedback from my manager
Please Try to provide options  which has good facilities during roaming, Also it must have high speed data connection.
Can i open PPF account through you
There is a huge rush in train during Diwali festival
Can you port my number?
Due to bad connectivity I am unable to make a call
I need to get vegetables for dinner
what is my bill plan
I have not received my phone bill
Please reset my PIN no of ATM.
what is the process to open an account in your bank?
What is your name?
How to buy a new insurance from LIC?
what is the process to know my Credit limit?
Thank you for calling us.
Last week I activated national roaming on my number. Now I want to deactivate it..what should I do?
Please deactivate safe custody and resume internet services of my dongle
my voice quality is poor. Can you please help?
what is my due balance ?
Please schedule a technician visits to fix the noise problem of landline phone.
Arhar is a pulses
I want to change my bill plan.
I want to change my bill plan?
Request your manager for leave approval.
What is my bill amount?
my bill amount is incorrect
Can you send my mobile bill on my email id
If we break the FD then how much amount gets deducted?
Can you please let me know new bill plans?
what is the GST charge on my last generated bill?
Please update my bill delivery address.
What are the options to recharge
I want a bill plan with free call services
Please replace my credit card.
What are the options to pay bill
What is the benefits of my card?
How is the weather today?
i want to change my contact number mentioned in the shipping address
what details or document is required to port my sim in post paid
Please let me know the process to change the ATM Pin
what is the interest rate for car loan
what services can i avail
Can you tell me the offers available on my plan?
India is a great country.
What would you do if you won the lottery?
Yes, of course. Here is a brochure about our most popular cards.
If you could get rid of any one of the US states, which one would you get rid of and why?
I’m happy to help you pick the right card for you. Could I ask you a few questions to better understand what you’re looking for?
I sent the full balance due to pay off my account, then the bank sent me a bill charging interest. How is this possible?
Tell me about a time where you had to deal with conflict on the job
What is the last book you read?
I want to open a new account. What type of identification do I have to present to the bank?
What is good source of protein ?
The bank will do a credit check to see if you are eligible for the card.
I want to deactivate my number
Please stop sending data
can i check your credit verification ?
we are expecting dnd everywhere
What is the contact information of procurement team?
What is the procedure to convert from normal to special vendor?
How to increase the typing speed?
Please provide your valuable feedback at the end of the call.
Please guide me for Public Provident Fund.
I am unable to connect to the internet
How can i check Recurring Deposit balance for multiple account ?
Who i have to contact for loan?
What is your name ?
Send 10,000 to sachin.
Schedule my Credit Card Payment for 30th of every month.
Where is my Debit Card?
What is my check status?
What is my internet banking id and password?
I am getting very slow internet speed, while my mobile shows 4G network with full range.
My money got deducted but the transaction failed.
How can I setup autopay in my netbanking account?
do you want to  know your current bill plan and change it?
How can I change email id for my account?
How can I change username for my account?
Please increase my credit card limit to double the current amount.
How can I know the IFSC code of my branch bank?
Buy Card Protection
I like to play games
What is your name?
how to order a debit card
What are the part payment charges for a Home Loan?
What is the late payment penalty on a Home Loan?
I would like to know the status of my Mobile Number Portability request.
Do I need to courier my products to Flipkart?
What is Commission fee and how much commission is charged?
How many products do I need to list to start selling?
good morning, how are you ?
I want to have 24 EMIs.
I want the EMIs to be charged to my account automatically.
How to get a new credit card?
Are you angry with me
If a standing instruction fails, will I receive an alert?
What Happens When a Site I Use Gets “Hacked?”
I am working as project manager in Ameriprise account
What is the name of the first Computer Network?
In terms of computing, what does CPU stand for?
Please deactivate my SIM
How many feet in a mile?
How to delete a Facebook account?
How can we make Pizza?
i need a password reset
i need a password reset
How to I reactivate my account?
We haven’t seen him since we came here
The fragrance of flowers spreads only in the direction of the wind. But the goodness of a person spreads in all direction.
What is the procedure for changing the calling plans
For how many days Top up rechages are valid
On a single ID how many connection I can take
have a nice day.
There is no austerity equal to a balanced mind, and there is no happiness equal to contentment; there is no disease like covetousness, and no virtue like mercy.
How to get best plan ?
How do I know the latest tariff plans?
I play badminton with my friends.
I am facing issue with network connectivity, even if I have data plan it still shows alert of internet pack is over. Can you help me here?
you have 5,20,000 rupees in your account.
I want to talk to your supervisor.
Hello! Actually I gave call regarding the network issue
How can I change my activation plan?
Please suggest me some better data plan
How to update my new email id ?
What is my Credit card bill for last month ?
I want to know the detail about my last 10 transactions
I am migrating to a different country. Can you change the ownership of this Connection to my brother who will be using this going forward.
Make your choice
It is repairable .
I have restarted my phone as well
Is my cheque due for clearance?
Please stop the payment for my cheque.
Diwali is a big celebration festival of India
I love traveling and hung out at hills stations
Does the property have to be insured?
I have latest 6.0 android version in my mobile phone.
what is my bill amount?
What security will I have to provide?
How do I check last month's transaction history for my salary account?
What is my subscription plan?
SMS me the prepaid tariff plan
How do I request for a cheque book through mobile banking application?
Watson Analytics in Close process and reconciliation with peak load balance
my bill for data plan being selected should be lower in cost
How can I help you
what iss the upload and download speed
I want to watch movie
Ram eats mango
I understand that this has been inconvenient for you
I am unable to change
why are you laughing?
You will only be charged for the set-up and the first six months of the service are free.
You can cancel at any time.
I want to return my purchased product
What are the learning topics?
After wearing the watch only for one month, several of the crystals, needles had fallen off and I emailed you about this on 26 November 2013, and received no response.
I am not able to make calls. What do I do?
I am not able to connect to internet on mobile. What do I do?
All you need to do is to just press 1
i want to take holiday loan.
when will you send the technician for service?
What is the difference between Vodafone 3G and Vodafone 4G?
I am facing coverage problems on your network
My call gets dropped at xyz location
can you help me installing this software?
I want to change my bill plan.
How do you find out your billing address?
I want to deactivate roaming service in my registered mobile number.
Please change my resedential address in your records
What is bill amount
i want to check my past due balance
how much data balance is left in my account
How can I get the booking details?
I want to change my home
what kind of changes we need to do to improve ourself
Can you confirm my last payment in which bank account
why i am not getting full tariff plan which you have promised
I am getting late payment charges
Could you please suggest the best data plan.
I want my prepaid balance back.
What is my bill plan?
anything else i can help you with
my name is talha and not taha
i am 29 years old
now recharge is done
i want to disable all your SIM connection
Hi, This is Shivam calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Tincy calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Please could you send the bill on mail
What is the charge for caller tune
If you cancel the service for any reason during first month
Our services are truly unlimited fir a singe household
We should work as a team.
why are you putting my call on hold again and again
Is safe custody applicable for both pre-paid and post-paid use
What is the difference between current and savings account?
I did not get the last month's bill
click "Select All" to simultaneously change the mailing address for all of your accounts.
In future, I want my bill in hard copy at my address
What is the validity of this plan?
How can I contact Card protection plan?
i want to subscribe for miss call alerts
IBM is the worst company
Yes, I just want to know the balance of my account?
have a nice day
What are the types of Bank accounts available to NRIs?
it showing to enter date and time
thanks for your support
PIS Annual Charges
Where can I apply for loan?
When do you disburse the loan?
How to give an interview?
Stop Cheque < Number>
today is monday
Hello , greetings
How do I make Payment of my bills?
water is hot
Please repeat.
some time I am facing issue with network in my area. Noida Sector 62
Hello, how are you?
I want to port my number
I have lost my phone.
I want a duplicate bill copy for my number
I will come tomorrow.
i want my bill on email
Have you taken a loan from us earlier?
How is the interest tenure charged/calculated?
What was my savings balance for the last month?
What is an Authorization Schedule?
what are the last 4 digits of your debit card number
How do I Make A Loan Application?
Do I Get Tax Benefits on the Loan?
I can see error code 001 - no network.
I have paid 300 Ruppes in last one month to technician.
I can see my channels now.
the voice is not clear, what is the reason
Thank you for choosing us. My name is Parwez. How can I make you a Very Satisfied Customer today?!
Thanks.. Let me write it down can you say that again.
What did you do on weekend?
honestly, we don't really wanna lose customers just because of a bad modem. Here's how I can help you...
I understand your situation, and I would feel the same way if I'm in your situation.
Let me tell you what I could do for you, OK? Just give me a minute...
I am not getting proper signals on my phone?
It's just that I've had so much stress, more than I can actually imagine. But, please, go on.
Good Morning
I recharged my number with 100rs yesterday
What is the Capital of India?
I live in pune.
I WANT TO LEARN
What if I receive UCC after registration in DND ?
what is DND?
what is your date of birth ?
Chanakya God is not present in idols. Your feelings are your god. The soul is your temple.
It is very expensive.
Do not reveal what you have thought upon doing, but by wise council keep it secret being determined to carry it into execution
What are the different tenures you offer on your loans?
How do I repay the loan
Can I foreclose the loan?
Can I switch between fixed and floating interest rates during the tenure of the loan?
How can I port my phone number to current city
I am 70+ years old; can a trusted bank employee collect and deliver money to me and do the transaction needed in front of me at home?
Hello, can I know my current bill plan?
how can i see my bill
I am going to service center for check up of the laptop.
To check the balance in your savings account, press 1
What is the status of your tasks for today
I want to change my telephone bill plan
I want to raise a disconnection request
My address on the bill is incorrect
I want to understand my bill plan
Friday I am on leave.
"Thank you for that information mam. Per our system’s data, you did pay your bill last Aug. 12 which was two days ago in one of our affiliated payment centers and you currently have 0 balance.
Neha is my best friend.
What is my data balance
What are the various classes of travel and their codes?
CRR is the amount of funds that a bank keep with the RBI. If the percentage of CRR increases then the amount with the bank comes down.
In how much time my query will be responded?
Whom should I contact for service related problems?
I want to convert my expenditure made on 2nd September of amount 30000 into EMIs, let me know the procedure.
EMI facility is not available for Corporate Cards.
what are the tariffs available for activating family plan?
Thanks, PSY! Wait, Is it just a coincidence that your name is just like the one who created the world famous, "Oppa Gangnam Style"!?
In my current bill, I am incorrectly charged for an amount of Rs 50 more.
escalate unresolved request
Can you please tell all the data plans available in airtel prepaid?
How to transfer money from one account to another account.
how do I block using data once my available free plan gets over
How to open an email ?
How to save file?
What is the the difference between current account and saving account.
what is my phone number?
How to watson work?
I have got my Internet Banking User ID and Password; tell me what do I do?
What are the advantages of doing an online Funds Transfer (eCheques)?
What are the different Credit Card service requests that I can make online?
Can I also know about Credit Card Alerts?
why did my sim not get activated yet?
Please let me know the procedure to change the billing address.
How to link Aadhaar card to sim card?
Whom do I contact for the caller tune related issues?
Deactivation of Message Services
Data Balance related
Temporary Suspension
How can I better understand my bill?
How will I know what VAS is activated on my connection?
What are the charges for call wait/ call hold?
Do I have to accept TDR's final decision?
How long will it take?
you won't heed
what is the process for sim deactivation?
Please send me Itemized bill
I took three day leave
When Is the last installment of my home loan?
I dint do anything
what is your mother name
My name is Ajay Yadav.
May I know your name please ?
I am unable to use internet
Recharge not reflecting on my account
I want to know my current plan and packs
Is it the teller system there?
TDS which has been deducted can be adjusted against your final tax liability.
I want to know the corporate plan
what is your favorite cricketer
How can i pay for this service?
I want to get the home address changed for my bank account.
Delhi is the capital of India
What is my bill amount
I am a man
I am a woman
I know you are talented
How can i activate value add service
i want to open a demat account
i want to close my savings account
i want to deactivate my caller tone
i want to add member in my bank account
i want to change my loan detail
If you have any other problems or requests, you can reach me at [your email]. Thanks for reaching out! 😁
Otherwise, I can let you know if we have an upcoming promotion soon if you give me your email address.
Who was your favorite teacher? Why?
Name 3 celebrities you most admire.
I have paid all my bills.
what is the procedure to follow if debit card pin is blocked
can you please tell me about the cost of Red MI NOTE 3 phone?
what is the tenure of fixed deposit
how to i make request for demand draft
yaaa sure.
Thank you.
what is the validity if demand draft
Are there any charges for transaction at other Bank’s ATM?
My name is Jitendra Sharma
Will I get SMS alerts for every transaction?
Plus, there is a promotional offer for 0% interest for the first 12 months on balance transfers.
i need to extend the limit of my data card
i dont like to call you back
any progress in language changing
will you be able to assist me with the change of address please?
How can I activate a Bonus card or Data pack with my available Balance?
How to Block or Unblock your Debit Card?
Please this change done as soon as possible.
Hello good morning, name name is Patrick, can i speak to your manager please?
The land area of the contiguous United States is 2,959,064 square miles (7,663,940.6 km
i would like to recharge my mobile data
may i know your name and mobile number
how to change the net banking password
How to link aadhar with Bank Account
What is the difference between current account and savings account
How I can help you today
What are the Tariff Charges for this plan?
seawater is salty
I want to activate International Plan
What are the Roaming charges?
Hi I have an active savings account in your bank.
what is my status of recharge
Could you Please provide me itemized bill ?
I need to change my bill plan.
Can I get the duplicate copy of the bill since I missed to receive the original one.
From where can I enquire about the status of my request to change the residential address of my Bank account?
Can I apply jointly with my spouse?
Where can I avail of a  educational loan?
please tell me the best  plan for my mobile number
How I can book an online air travel ticket
I want you to generate a new duplicate bill for my cell number
Thank you for using our live chat service, and we hope to hear from you again! Goodbye!
different types of prepaid plans
different types of postpaid plans
best time to call the person
How do I change the login password of my internet banking?
Please provide me a duplicate bill.
Please send me a duplicate bill softcopy.
what is the validity of my current plan
how much home loan can I get.
Thank you very much for holding, and sorry about that wait!
Is it okay for me to put you on hold for just a moment?
Are you satisfied with the information provided?
Good afternoon! How may we assist you today?
Can i place your call on wait for 2 minutes?
what is the credit card balance in my account
My name is Lovleen.
What is the cost of new 4G sim card
How to change my residential address of my post paid connection
can i know prepaid plans offers for my region
you can change your account address by logging into net banking.
What is my name ?
what is my name ?
may i know the remaining balance in my account
What features and benefits are offered with a Basic Savings Bank Deposit Account?
i want to deactivate my savings account.
Narendra modi is prime minister of India
How can i request my new credit card on updated contact address?
what is Bermuda triangle?
Hindi is our national language
I have many friends in IBM
i want to block my card.
I live in India great country.
How can I submit my details
I need to update my information.
I want to update e-mail.
When child marriage takes place, the children are too young to understand what marriage means.
Is there any penalty for late payment of my credit card bill.
I need to check my loan details
What is this ?
ARE YOU HUNGRY?
Have you got a house?
i want to change the tariff plan on my number
What is the best friend and family plan available?
i want to update my payment online
how to activate roaming services ?
why have you charged extra amount ?
What is the due date to pay the amount?
Can you tell me the charges for caller tune ?
Why have you charged extra amount from my account?
You may come to your center!
What is the current balance of my account now, please tell me ?
I want to change my bill plan
we have to reach there by today.
All the questions are mandatory.
I want to pay my bill
Can I ask you a question ?
i like watching cricket
Register your IBM asset(Desktop /Laptop) in ISAM DB!
Adhere to internet/ intranet/email security policy!
How does Google map work.?
Is my credit card is valid for abroad as well
what is your date of birth?
How to activate family plan on my number ?
On roaming we are charged with extra amount
i want to block my credit card
please help me changing pin for my credit card
I would like to order the DD from my account
Telephone line required to use the internet
Can I put your call on hold.
I want to change my monthly rental plan
what is the criteria for enhancing the credit limit
Please deactivate my message services.
I want to know the status of the train.
Please deactivate my 3G services ASAP.
let me find out a solution for it.
Thank you for staying on the call
Please activate my account as soon as possible.
I want to deactivate the ISD service on my number
this seems to be a wonderful idea.
Please change my tariff from 250 to 350 plan.
I want to recharge my prepaid number.
I want to know the status of my recharge.
how many types account are there?
What are data charges during free roaming across India?
My bill amount is incorrect
What is the time frame to resolve Purchase/ Online & International ATM transaction disputes?
I need to activate 3G connection
Please remove my caller tune service
How can I deactivate my mobile number?
How to use it ?
Who can resolve my queries?
Never lose hope
I need a consolidated loan reimbursed statement for my home loan for last year
How can I assist you?
Business Address Proof: any utility bill like phone, gas, electricity from the past 3 months, or a copy of service tax registration or shops and establishments certificate
I want to speak to your boss
I changed bill plan last month but even this month's bill is showing charges as per old plan
How does selling on Amazon work?
my internet connection is not working
Why should I sell on Flipkart?
can you please show my last transitions for the month
Will I get charged for listing products on Flipkart?
Who is Members Telecom?
What is the interest rate for EMI.
After that they'll elapse.
Please help me to make a monthly family plan. I have 2 postpaid connections and have 1 landline connection.
I want quarterly statement of my bank account
What are the VISA formalities for traveling abroad
Please change mine email address
2.what are the best plans for my sim?
I want to know if you have any yearly plans
We have done many things today .
Please refund the amount to me
6.How do i view my call details?
7.What happens to my credit if i change my device?
My laptop is not working.
can you help me locate branch near me.
8.What are the kind of call plans available?
How can I change my phone operator
how are you?
what are the causes of global warming ?
I want to complain about my bill plan
There is no network in my area
Please stop my check dated 5 September
please tell me the ATM card number linked to your account
My billed amount
thanks for calling us
I am working from last 6 years in the same organization.
What documents are required to apply for a locker ?
I want to activate jai hind caller tune on my number
What is my project name?
I paid my bill ,but still services are not resumed
How to stop the data plan activity
I want to change my ATM PIN
Do you feel happy taking care of your pet?
what are the tariff plan for internet usage for 10 days in roaming
Can I know when my number will get activated
my mobile bill is showing incorrect amount of my national roaming
Your call is important for us, please be on line.
What is my credit limit?
How to activate roaming?
What is the last payment date on my loan
What is the data balance on my mobile number?
Approximately 75% of the total number of speed-related collisions indicates a contributing factor of driving too fast for conditions, compared to 18% for exceeding the speed limit
when my SIM will be activated
I am a self-funded full-time or part-time student. Can I pay my fees in instalments?
Welcome to IBM INDIA
we need to check system errors for troubleshooting
Please can you confirm your phone number
Please confirm your address.
which branch of your bank provides locker service
what documents are required for taking locker service
tariff on every goods is not a good idea
What can you do about it?
data balance not working
How to get a new credit card?
We offer the Wireless Gateway which connects the computers in your home to a secure high speed Internet connection.
I noticed that you said that plan is best for "connecting with friends and family through email and social networking" but it doesn't explicitly mention HD video streaming.
U-verse Internet Pro gives you up to 3Mbps download speed and up to 1Mbps upload speed
To answer your question, upon checking here on my end, our U-verse High Speed Internet Pro is the highest Internet Speed Pro and rest assured, that would perfectly fit your streaming needs.
Would you be interested in ordering the package?
How do I update PAN Details?
How do I activate TPT (Third Party Transfer) facility?
what is the procedure to check the balance
Who can be a co-applicant for the loan?
If I foreclose the loan, how will you return the original property documents to me?
What are the fees payable?
Do NRIs who already have an account need to open another NRE/NRO account?
I want to know about new voice plans
i want to check my social identity detail
I have lost my phone can you block my sim
who is my favourite caller
Can I switch from current pre-paid subscription to post-paid with new Mobile operator?
How do I get communication address updated in Bank details?
how will i get my new ATM pin
what is your date of birth
Why am i receiveing calls, my number is in DND
Please DEACTIVATE my 3G services
When this tariff will expire?
I am calling because I have received a wrong bill, I just paid my phone bill two days ago, and my payment is not reflected in the bill
What is KYC & KYC documents?
do you need to change emi amount
i want apply for new savings account
Pease tell me how I can help you today.
How do I activate national roaming service?
i want to talk to your manager
Please note down your request number 123456IN.
What are the national roaming charges?
What is my data balance ?
I want to reset pin for my ATM card
This call will be recorded for training and security purposes.
what is my bill amount?
what is international roaming charges?
can you provide me list of data plans?
What is my bill amount ?
What is the last payment date on my personal loan?
what are the interest rates for the recurring deposit account.
What is my data balance
how can we make study a pleasant experience?
Can you block my Credit card.
If you want to keep your number activated, please submit the bill amount .
My balance amount is not refunded
what time is it now?
Sorry for keeping you in waiting
Can I make my plan based on my choice
Do I need to make any investment for getting a locker ?
I want to reset my ATM PIN. How do I reset my ATM PIN ?
I am working with this organization from last 7 years.
what is the rate of interest on the loan?
How can we change the bill cycle
how do i check my message balance?
What is the procedure to deactivate 3G?
How is weather today
My bill is coming very high.
How do I identify the Commercial Communication SMS sender?
what is your account number?
What is SLR Rate
Cheque is written by an individual to transfer amount between two accounts of the same bank or a different bank and the money is withdrawn form the account.
Is it safe to give the credit card number at this site?
What are the rules for reservation and cancellation?
Can I book tickets from outside India?
How can I get in touch with Rail?
How do I get an Idea Cellular Post-paid connection?
Will I have the STD, ISD and Roaming facility on my Idea Post-paid connection?
How can I recharge my pre-paid account?
When will I get my Idea bill?
What are the charges for National roaming?
How will I know if my Idea connection will work when I am travelling abroad?
What are the charges for using GPRS/Data internationally?
Mortgage is a kind of security which one offers for taking an advance or loan from someone.
Can a Citibank credit card be used within India and overseas?
How can I link my new credit card to my existing bank account?
What are the documents required for processing a credit card application and how do I submit the same?
What is the procedure to increase the credit limit of my card?
Why was my card not renewed?
I have received a new card, I never requested for one, What is this card for?
When will my ATM PIN be dispatched and how can I track the status of the same?
What is the nature of transaction?
How do I cancel a transaction that was declined at the time of incurring but approved on my credit card?
What is the ratio in which the reward points will be transferred to another card?
Will the rewards redemption credit / cash be adjusted against the Minimum Amount Due?
I want activate 4G services on my mobile number
How can I deactivate message services ?
I want to raise a request for New check book
Romaing charges are showing in my bill, however I did not use my phone in roaming , how I can get it sorted out ?
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Please tell nominee details for my insurance policy ?
India has 22 official languages
what are Wireline Telephone installation charges
My Name is Inderjeet
I want to speak to your executive.
what is my current data plan
What are wi-fi router charges
how can I evaluate my self?
Request you to issue receipt
How can I reset my Debit Card PIN?
Do I need to save my receipts to verify my debit card purchases?
could you please re-rate my CDRs as i am suspecting over-charged amount
I want to know the plan details.
I am done with my work. Now I can leave for home !!
Don't share your bank account related information with any one.
could i change my number to another ISP without paying my existing bill
how long it would take to complete porting
I want to activate my mobile caller tune
Please, do me a favor
what are the rules in chess
I want to port my data card
show the plan
Please activate DND for SMS only on my mobile number
I have not yet received my User Id and Password?
I proud to be an Indian
Log in to your Net Banking account
Click on the "Stop Payment of Cheque" option available under "Request" menu on the left hand side of the web page
I want to update leaves in HRMS
How to change the data plan
I want to port my old number to this new Sim connection
i am a man
To make a stop payment request on a single cheque, enter the same number in both the fields provided. Stop payment of cheques through Net Banking is free of charge.
Who am i ?
This is very boring.
can you please send me the last month transaction history on my registered mail?
What is the procedure to get Check book issued?
Please revert wrong financial charges
Will you let me know when my bill has been uploaded?
I want to stop payment for a issued cheque
I need your help.
Yes, both pre-paid and post-paid customers can request for porting to either prepaid or post-paid plan with the new Mobile Service Provider.
My Bill amount is incorrect .
i work in IBM
Choose wisely the timing of the change. Are you planning to travel outside the LSA / abroad during the porting process?
I want to change my address
How many years of experience do you have in IT sector?
How do I deposit money into my personal checking account?
i want last month's itemized statement
Can you briefly give your introduction?
stop cricket score update vas
Please explain me my bill plan detail
I don't want data service
What is the current rate of interest of my loan
let me know some better data plan
I deposited a cheque , but amount does not reflect in my account.
Sachin plays cricket
I want to get last 6 month's bank statement.
cricket is a good game
good day to you
i love my india
i love playing cricket
what is my bill amount
i want to change my bill plan
Suggest me a good 4G data plan.
I have reinserted my sim card
India is a very religious and beautiful country
You should be awarded by prime minister.
Currently there are 22 languages in India which are used
do your work
where do you work ?
I had my breakfast before couple of minutes.
How may I serve you?
I am feeling so good
How do I activate mobile banking on my savings account?
I see some miscalculations in my bill
Please change your name on account
Please change my billing address.
I don't know
What is the status of my loan application.
Certainly, I would be happy to assist you.
Can you help me in this matter?
1. I just want to know how was your day?
You will not be charged anything at all.
Its been four days since I logged my complaint and no action has been taken till now.
That is a fantastic alternative
My name is Sanjib How may I help you today?
How IBM can help the Indian Government in their Make in India Initiative.
iPhone is a great invention of 21st century
What I will do for you right away is
i want to take car loan.
What are the available data plans
I come office daily
Incorrect bill plan is seen on the application
I did not change my bill plan, it got updated automatically.
Please tell me different investment options
Yes I can see there is difference
i have been charged extra for my data plan ?
What is your designation.
What is the status of my request - 1234
my bill amount is incorrect
What is the name of my company
what is the name of my city
I want to submit my phone bill
Today weather is very hot.
You can't just sit there and wait for people to give you a golden dream. You've got to get out there and make it happen for yourself
How do I check last five balance deductions on my phone?
You can redeem the points at any petrol station in the country. You get a free lighter of petrol for every 100 points.
where is party tonight?
Can I block my SIM if my mobile phone is lost
Please activate DND Service for my connection
I want to understand what you are trying to say
That's not showing up on my system
I'm sorry sir, that's not coming up as a valid address
how to track the order status
HOW TO CREATE SHORTCUTS OF OUR DAILY WORK?
I want to escalate the unresolved issue for my new sim activation
What is the due date for my credit card bill?
Will you charge any penalty for late payment?
What is my validity of the number ?
Do you like this plan.
i want to change my coverage options in loan
could you please tell me what is dividend per share and earning per share
what is mutual fund
How can we stop promotional calls on my number?
I want to lower down my existing tariff.
i am preparing a cup of tea
you are a valuable customer
get dressed fast
Should I go for android or ios or windows ?
Which of the following schemes are not meant for investment purposes?
He has a beard
what is the capital of India?
What are the call charges in Local?
I am unable to get network on my phone and not able to make calls..can you please help me
Please solve my request as soon as possible, Otherwise escalate it
Please convert my credit card spends to 12 month EMI
Set standing instruction for my data card bill from my account ending with 8634
Set alerts if data balance deduction is more
I have requested for a cheque book via the bank web site a month ago, however, I have not received it yet. Please let me know the status.
I want a demand draft, Is it possible to send it at my home address
what is the local call rate ?
I want to activate hello tunes on my number
How was your day in office today?
I want to activate the ISD service on my number
my credit card balance
Send me savings account statement or e-statement for this year from april
I want to change my billing address.
I want to activate my sim card.
I want itemized bill for last month
what is the last date for my credit card payment?
What all VAS serices are running on my number ?
I need to get my bill plan changed.
I want a micro sim for my new phone
i do not want this plan
in what mode i will get money back from demand draft
i want to make this okay
i want to make it okay
i want this corrected
Please can u tell what is difference between demand draft and check
i want to continue on this plan
fixed deposit is also known as FD
My issue is still on
I have a complaint regarding call drop issue
I want these services should be deactivated
I want to change my postal address.
But when i came to Delhi, It is not working.
yes...I'm in roaming.
It is off... I put it on and it's start working. Thanks!
Thank you for calling Sir! have a Nice Day!
I want to upgrade my Airtel Broadband plan.
My Bill amount is incorrect
Are you ready
Most of the apps that use huge amounts of data, offer preloading, the only thing you should know is to look at the right place to find it.
I am doing my best to resolve your issue
is there any other way i can help you?
My bill amount is incorrect
There is no issue found on recharge
Do I have to make a new reservation each month?
I want to know about my blue points
Hmm. So what does your screen look like now?
I want to change my current tariff plan.
how may i help you?
i want to know my bill in details.
How long will it take for me to get a Business Loan?
Hello, I would like to know remaining balance in my account.
Okay, please activate.
So what other data plans do you have?
Okay, please update my existing data plan.
I am a good tennis player.
Sir, I beg your pardon for this inconvenience caused to you, and will try my best to aptly resolve your issue.
Hello sir, welcome, how may I help you?
Customer : I want to book a flight ticket
A housewife is a woman whose occupation is running or managing her family's home—caring for her children; buying and cooking.
How to transfer money from one bank to other bank
what is RTGS
Can I open more than one bank accounts in a same bank
resolve my recharge dispute
Where the interest is to be paid by the Bank in lump sum at the time of maturity, the Term/Fixed Deposit shall bear the yearly rate of interest on the Term/Fixed Deposit.
For Traditional Term/Fixed Deposits with quarterly payouts interest is calculated based on annual rates
I want to change from pre-paid to post-paid
Man is capable, like its creator.
Please activate my international roaming services
how much time it will take
I have not received my passbook at my present address, please send again
What is the home loan interest rate for women?
Time that elapses from the moment a customer or a user submits the work item to a backlog to the moment they can use it.
What all documents are required to open a joint saving account
You have to deposit a one time processing fee of rupees ten thousand to reduce your current home loan interest rate
My name is Rajan
how to make call
My sim is not working properly.
i want to reactivation roaming plan.
I want to know my current bill plan .
What is the protocol for the treatment?
Could you please prescribe me the medicines ?
I paid the current month bill, but the amount is not reflecting in the website.
what is the charge of the credit card ?
How to Greet Your Customers via Live Chat
What is the status of my recharge ?
i missed my bill payment date
watson, you're very smart
Is there one available in [<location> / Home] branch.
I want to teach Watson in Hindi
How can I change the address ?
Can I change my billing address?
My bill amount is incorrect
I want to change my bill plan.
What is my tariff plan details?
what is the process to get a locker in a bank?
Please restart my number before 5 pm.
My bill amount is incorrect
Issue still persisting but complaint got closed.
what is amount of recharge of tata sky
what is system/mobile model
Refund Not Received
What is my data balance
I submitted my mobile for repair, what is the status
I want to order a demand draft of Rs 10,000
Do you know Unix Language?
what is the due date of my outstanding bill ?
Can you give me the telephone number
my last month bill was high please explain why that much amount came
I need duplicate bill of last month
I want to get a new credit card
why is your Customer Service so slow
Whatâ€™s the most beautiful place youâ€™ve ever been?
Which historical figure would you like to be?
If you could live in any TV home, what would it be?
Whatâ€™s your favorite holiday?
Can you please transfer  my call to your customer care executive?
Why is my mobile bill for last month so high ?
Can you please transfer my call to your customer care executive?
How can I be sure about which Mobile Internet Plan/ Pack is good for me?
Buy a data pack is very simple and you can choose from multiple options Online on the website
I am unable to open application
How can i reset the NetBanking Password online?
Do you have any credit card offers for Movies?
Please provide your permanent address.
Rohit and Sanjay are friends. They work in the same office. They pool the car to travel to the office.
what is my bill deduction of this month ?
How to extend the tenure of my Safe Custody?
This process is applicable even if the transaction was carried out at another bank’s/non-bank’s ATM.
The compensation has to be credited to the account of the customer without any claim being made by the customer.
If the complaint is not lodged within 30 days of transaction, the customer is not entitled for any compensation for delay in resolving his / her complaint.
Can you guide me with the password reset for ATM
Can the locker be opened online through internet banking or I need to visit your branch for the same?
your feedback is precious for us
The world is round like orange
I want to speak to your manager.
I am from pune.
check my account balance
Hello I would like to know the details of the new schemes launched by your organization
I am going to office.
I want to change my bill plan
How long does it take to get my loan sanctioned?
Please send my bill on my new email
What is the minimum/maximum amount for RTGS/NEFT transactions?
If I want to open a locker, which documents will I need to submit?
I am working.
you have to call customer service and check your bill amount
He cooks good food.
What is your name
We spent a total of ten years in Okara
It sounds like you've had an interesting life.
Please maintain silence.
I want to change my login password
How may I help you today ?
Tell me more . Anything big in Hindi.
receipt/non-receipt of debit card/cheque book etc
How are the staff organised?
What is the least expensive data plan available
Can I have a demand draft without any bank account?
Please wait, let me come back to you on the resolution of issue.
A wrong pack has been activated on my phone
I want to change my billing method.
You are totally right.
How do I access the e-Bill Pay service
Who is eligible to use this service
How to change my billing address?
Can I do loan pre payment?
Can you please confirm your existing address
Share us the mail address i can share the copy of proof Change in address
Can you help me
How long have you been staying in your new address?
Can i put your call on wait?
For a more up dated bill of your account, you can visit our website and log in to your account.
India have different culture in every state
My mobile number is not working.
Please provide your Bill details
Are you coming to party?
If we do the transaction over the phone or online, our team will still contact you for verification prior sending your money to a different bank. The whole process usually just takes 2-3 days.
Oh, I see, never mind, I'll just do it after the holidays. Thanks for your help, Heath!
How are you?
I want to talk to you supervior
What is balance in my saving Account?
you can register your appeal.
what is the amount in my Recurring deposit?
after how many years can I expect return from this plan
What is my current Location ?
How can I check my tariff plan ?
how to connect to internet?
My bill amount is wrong.
In the event of cardholder's death, how can one request for card cancellation & FD closure?
I made an excess payment to my credit card by mistake. How can I get it back?
Queries related to Insurance Policy on my credit card?
What are the minimum points required for redeeming?
Could you please suggest me the what is offer of the Airtel SIM.
what is your registered mobile number sir?
Please provide me the duplicate bill.
What should I keep in mind while visiting High Risk countries?
What happens if ICICI Bank is unable to deliver the gift?
How many Add-on credit cards can I apply for?
Where can I check my registered billers in Internet Banking?
If an NEFT transaction is not credited to a beneficiary account, does the Remitter get back the money?
How to find the IFSC code of the beneficiary branch?
Can I apply for credit limit enhancement on Instant credit card?
What should I write on the cheque while making a credit card payment?
I want to reactivate my number.
I want to update my address.
I have network issue in my locality
why you don't understand
I want to apply for gold loan
You can easily change the address we send your bills
i want to start up the data service
is there a better plan for me
can i get 2 sims of same number
atitude is not a good thing
taj mahal is a great monument
no option left
Scroll down to the bottom of the page and, under Account details
Getting busy tone when other line is not in use
what are different sizes of lockers available
Bill amount is not correct
Bill amount should be there like salary slip
What is my Bill Amount
I’m sorry for keeping you waiting
i need help with my current data plan
Can we keep cash in a bank locker
I want a job in IT sector.
Can you tell me What all plans are available?
How can you charge for the services I have not used?
Try to resolve it as soon as possible.
Please hold on line.
Can you please tell me how to check my savings account balance?
what is your current plan.
What is the status on production environment
how will u do this?
How may I help you today?
i am facing issue in this work
I got the error in this task
Send me savings account statement or estatement for last 3 months for  this year from April last financial year
i need someone to assign this work
please do it fast
Please tell me about low cost data plan.
Today is very hot day.
How did you know my name?
i am more intelligent then google
how to fill ILC
Please feel free to contact me in case of any further queries
Please close this issue and create a new one.
What is the status of assigned task
why i am not able to access the data
why this task is not over yet?
Please try again after sometime
Do you like to eat fruits?
Can I help you?
I want to know about the nodal and appellate procedure
I want to know my due date for bill payment
How many people will be coming here today?
I want to change my credit card address.
3 What is my bill plan.
DO you know bengali?
may i know your good name?
how to download skype
How Spring Boot use with Microservice
What information is required to use the e-monies NEFT service?
Can I know my bill amount for this month
How is RTGS different from National Electronic Funds Transfer (NEFT)?
What is a Standing Instruction?
How do I enable International Usage on my HDFC Bank Rewards Debit Card?
How can I activate roaming service for other states?
I want to know the bill of my phone
Please submit cash in my account.
How much can I borrow loan?
Where from can I buy 3G handset ?
How long will it take for my Personal loan to be processed?
Is there any handset bundling scheme announced by BSNL ?
Can I connect my 3G handset to my TV ?
Is it possible to take voice call during internet surfing ?
I want to understand my current usage charges
That takes you to your Account Dashboard. Click the "Change my billing address" button in the "I WANT TO…" section of the page.
You see, If you check your records, I've been actually calling you almost every other day for the past few weeks.
Ok, I have it.
Oh, I'm so sorry to hear about that, don't worry, we're gonna make sure that we freeze your account, so no one can use your Credit Card, ok?
How can I help you today?
I need to verify your First and Last Name?
Now you don't need to pay back the entire amount upfront when you make big Credit Card purchases. Just enjoy the convenience of paying back in easy EMI.
Can you please tell all the data plans available in airtel prepaid ?
I want to upgrade my credit card
i want to change my fathers phone number
i want to change my other bank account password
Can I get bill over email?
I want to change my habits!
My account is incorrect!
What is balance of my account.
I want reactivate my data plan.
I did not get any physical statement of my current account
Could you please help me with my itemized bill and explain it?
Please complete the formalities for the new locker.
May I have your few information to validate your identity?
Thank you for providing required information.
What is the time allowed to pay the bill ?
Please tell me current usage of my mobile phone.
My mobile phone bill is of a very high amount this time.
Can you tell me my current monthly tariff
I want to change my plan
Where can I apply for loan?
What loan am I eligible for?
Who is a co-applicant? Is a co-applicant mandatory for a loan?
What are the prepayment options
Request paperless bill
Request paperless account statement
I want to change my current plan to the new plan
My laptop is not working.
we have a meeting tomorrow .
Where is my home?
You want to check your saving balance?
my bill amount is incorrect .
who will solve my defect ?
Did you read the instructions that came with the computer?
Hello, I would like to apply for a credit card
Hello, I would like to apply for a credit card
I love to play and watch cricket as well.
Can you spell your name?
Where can i find the RAM?
What is credit management.?
I want to give request for address change.
I want to deactivate my 3G connection
What is my Credit card bill for last month
Are there any interest charges on my credit card ?
What should I do if my Debit Card is not working?
Can I use any phone handset to save/backup my data?
Where can I view my Credit Card statement?
How can I pay for my order using credit card
What are recommended specifications of hardware at Customer Premises?
How Do I start conferencing using BSNL Web Conferencing Service?
How to exit from the conferencing system?
How do I get a new Telephone Directory?
What are the various concessions given to schools and universities.
What is BSNL Hello TV for PC / Data Card users?
How to access this service through internet ?
How can I subscribe to Tele-education service?
What is safe custody?
How do I recharge a prepaid number?
I want to become the prime minister of india.
May i link my mobile with AADHAR number
The item you would like to get for this replacement request will be available next week
there are different kind of SIM available
we use two SIM cards in single phone
network will work after 40 mins
can we use different sim card?
our system was showing some error, we are unable to work
Please log a complaint for this issue
we also suggest that you test your knowledge and your current standing in Data Migration talent community
what is your system configurations
is there any benifits in recharge offers?
after deducting my credit balance how much I need to pay
My bill amount is incorrect
I want a refund for the failed transaction.
How can I regenerate my debit card PIN
I received a wrong bill
India is a diverse country.
Have a good day.
I have submitted your request, please note the request number, it will get activated within 24 hours
My internet services are also not working
we will send a representative at your given location to check the signal strength.
How much are you expecting?
I have updated the bill plan to Rs 200.Is it fine?
Now, you bill amount is updated to rs 200.Now, it is correct.
Now, it is verified and corrected to RS 10,000/-only.
My cheque book print name is different with my account name.
I want my cheque book in my nominee  address
I want to know my loan account activation time ?
What is the current balance outstanding on my car loan ?
Mail me about my spend details of my last 2 month and 3 weeks and 5 days of my debit card ?
But Still there is no solution on this request.
I want some information
how to generate debit card pin through internet banking
We should follow instructions.
we all are Indians
you number has been selected for the special gifts. Please contact the nearest vodaphone store.
Hi. I would like to apply for a credit card, please.
Do you know which of our credit cards you would like to apply for?
I’ll be happy to help you pick the right card for you.
can i pay cash to get demand draft
Please cancel my card
may i know query
The Platinum flyer card has a higher interest rate of 19% per annum. But there is no annual fee and you receive two frequent flyer miles with Emirates airline for every Rupees you spend.
This card gives you 1 reward point in our rewards program for every rupee you spend. But, there is a Rs. 3000 annual fee.
please renew my Fixed Deposit,which has matured
I have recently taken a new mobile connection and I want to know my bill plan and if possible would like to change it.
What are the benefits of taking a home loan from your bank ?
I am criticizing you
1-Please change my password.
I would like to apply a new debit card please tell me the procedure.
I love my country
i want to know my billing cycle
Could you please help me book my flight tickets?
How to create archive folder in Lotus note ?
आपके समर्थन के घंटे क्या हैं?
Please resolve this problem as soon as possible.
Can I my account balance?
Your balance is low.
what is my data balance?
How are you?
which bank if preferable for a salaried employee
My data plan is not updated in bill.
I am not getting 3g data service.
I want roaming related promotional offer.
I want to port my mobile number
Please correct billing address in my plan
I want a statement of my recent saving account transactions
The legal age for marriage in India is 18 years for girls and 21 for boys. Any marriage of a person younger than this is banned under the Child Marriage Prevention Act, 1929.
I want to known about loan procedures.
What is civil score?
What is 2 gb plan
Why is the 4g network slow on my IPhone 6s
Can you check if it is an issue with your network in my area
India's first super computer is Param 8000
How are you?
will you send me statements of last transactions ?
What's the SMS charge
Will I be charged for the net banking service?
What should I do if I cannot read some digits of the password?
please don't use these kinda of language
Hello, How are you?
what is the interest rate for personal loan
3.I have my bank account in ICICI bank
The man looked at me.
7.it was heavy traffic due to rain
How is the weather today?
12.link your bank account with adhaar card number
How to activate conference during phone call ?
please activate roaming facility on my mobile
I use samsung mobile
Please leave.
I want to activate 4G services for my network ?
do we have to provide salary statements to get home loan
Hi.How are you?
How to check my account balance ?
The Qutub Minar and Red Fort are in Delhi.
My Office is situated at Sector 62, Block -A.
which data plan is best for me
Do you provide any scheme for student using mobile
I am not able to connect to internet on mobile. What do I do?
Please send me the last six months statement of my back account
I had changed address 4 months ago.
Whats your name ?
I did not receive my refund for the item returned.
what is your name?
Please help me
What will you do if customer abuses you on the phone?
While talking to customer, what are the procedures you follow?
What is my bill amount?
Is airtel the best network ? If yes then please give 5 resons  ?
Bill On Mail
press 2 to listen in english
what is CBS in banking
Please activate my 1 GB data plan.
What are the Value added services activated on my number.
How may i assist you
I want an itemized bill for my mobile number.
calls are dropping all the time
I would like to have a medium sized locker in your bank. Please tell me about its availability.
can you change my caller tune?
i want to port my sim to a different prepaid sim network.
Please activate conference option on my mobile number
How did the service got activate in my number?
You just have to click on the message and SAVE the settings to access the internet
Good Morning!!
What is MMS? How can I start using it?
My sim network is down since few days, can you please help me?
Thanks for providing the details.
I am unable to use internet
How can I avail caller tunes, ring tones and wall papers?
i want to close my account
Thanks for noting my request.
Download Airtel app and add your prepaid account on it using the ‘Add account’ link under the ‘my accounts’ section on the homepage.
Can I know through which mode you made your last payment to your mobile account.
Can u please explain me fixed deposit interest rate
how can i report my stolen card
Sure, I would get that done for you, for that could you please share your Identity proof and the Family Plan you want to get linked.
I am a foreign tourist in India, I have these notes. What should I do?
I have emergency needs of cash in India (hospitalization, travel, lifesaving medicines) then what I should do?
Can i get my postpaid bill on email?
When do my PAYBACK points expire?
What should I do if my Debit Card is not working?
How often can I change my Credit Card limits?
How do I register for a new Biller?
Where can I view my Credit Card statement?
How do I use my credit card?
How much money is in your budget for this trip
How can I change or update my communication address in my credit card account?
Can I receive the ATM PIN through SMS facility?
How many free tickets am I entitled to every month?
HAVE A GREAT DAY
Can I use the lounges irrespective of the airline I am flying with?
From where can I get the auto debit form?
Can I change my EMI/PLCC EMI billing date?
I requested for the port out due to poor network, could you please tell me the current status.
What are the Terms and Conditions for redeeming products?
If I lose my Priority Pass, whom should I report it to?
I have applied for a credit card. When will I get it?
I want to know data offers on my number.
Please deactivate 3g service on my number
Query on Stop Bill Payment on my credit card
Please change my communication address to Delhi?
Can I close the credit card and have the fixed deposit account active?
I want check my roaming validity status
What’s the minimum and maximum tenure of investment in an FD account?
Is Sim Prepaid?
Is sim post paid?
Please update my address
What is international call rates for various region according to my Bill Plan
how i can change my post paid connection to prepaid.
How far is Delhi to Kerela
what will be the fixed charges for the internet connection
customer id you provided is incorrect
This call may be recorded for internal training purpose
I am fine.
Thanks for waiting
what are benefits of Airtel family plan ?
Which one is better postpaid or prepaid ?
Is my airtel app reliable enough ?
What is my Loan Balance?
What is the time?
How to check the roaming charges?
What is Invoice Processing?
I did not receive the previous invoice
Where i can be after 5 years ?
Man was unable to lift his son. Who is weak?
What are the charges for using GPRS internationally?
We are checking the details provided by you
Please check if my Mobile Number is misused by someone
I have changed my mobile service provider using Mobile number Portability option for my registered mobile bill. Will my biller registration remain valid?
I have been charged extra for late payment
I am happy to see you again
Can Please raise a ticket for my issue on over billing ?
Hi , I am your friend Watson
I want to know my account balance
How does the e-monies NEFT service differ from RGTS and EFT?
How can I know my EPF balance online?
I want to initiate the refund process for the product I have purchased yesterday?
I would want a bundled plan that includes local & international roaming, SMS facility and internet
i want to know the maturity date of my fixed account .
My debit card has expired.
where are you going now?
I am done with my work.
Service Fulfillment
Which celebrity do you think is the most down to earth?
I want to change my sceurity question?
No worries on Provident fund aspect, even if next month you are planning to change your job
what is my name
I want to payment of my home loan installment.
what is bill amount
Tact time is Average Cycle Time divided by Average WIP. In other words it tells about throughput of a team and allows to assess whether remaining work would be done before a specific deadline.
I want to know my KYC document I have submitted for my account.
Is there any initial charge to activate caller tune on my phone except monthly fee?
please try again
Who was your worst teacher? Why?
Which would you pick: being world-class attractive, a genius or famous for doing something great?
May I know to whom I am speaking with ?
Glad to speak with you.
welcome to IBM.
Could you tell me what amount s deducted for my previous transaction?
how to make bill payment online
We are customer centric
My internet is not working. Can you please check and advise?
have a nice day.
how to deliver superb customer service
In order to get the number portability, what all documents do I need to submit?
I have lost my credit card, could you please block it?
I want to change the data package on my phone
I want to know my unbilled amount
Whether outgoing call charges in roaming is subject to the ceiling prescribed by TRAI?
I want to activate hello tunes on my number
Whether a customer already recharged with Roaming STV having certain validity, and after discontinuing roaming STVs from 15.06.2015, he is eligible for Free Roaming or Not.
Can you send my bill to my new address please?
I want to know about the special offers for my number.
i want to port my number to another network.
A banking system is a group or network of institutions that provide financial services for us.
Whatâ€™s the right age to get married?
why is the payment that I made not reflecting ?
I want to add money to my wallet
i want  to change my number to postpaid
Thankyou for staying on call
I would like to know my current bill plan
If you are on Unlimited pack and you finished your quota you can opt for a Booster that gives you extra data and allows you to get back to your speed.
My sim was stolen yesterday
Yes, in order to use 3G services you need to have a handset which is compatible with 3G network
I want to activate 4g services
Japan was the first country to introduce 3G on a large commercial scale.
Is this the same mobile number in which you are facing the network issue ?
Where can I check Time-of-use prices?
what is my data plan
Any important information I need while roaming internationally?
What is CLIP and how do I avail it?
How can I activate the Call Wait/Call Hold feature on my handset?
Can i see how many network towers are available in my locality
do you have any corporate plan
hello,i am traveling out of country,I want to close my account and deactivate my SIM.
i want new pass book
What is the my data plan?
hey friend! what's happening?
I want to know the bill for my international roaming package
how to handle self service applications ?
Please tell my mobile data balance.
Getting poor voice quality during calls.
How do I contact my Customer Care?
Can I get a data plan for 10 days
May I place your call on hold while I fetch this information for you?
What is recharge due date of my data card?
Do you also assist in Tax saving
I've not received my bill
It fosters collaboration and knowledge sharing that enhances our ability to deliver a differentiated client experience
What is my data balance.
How to open an email in new tab
How to create a business writing skill?
HOW TO REDUCE WORKLOAD DURING HEAVY VOLUME?
HOW TO RECEIVE NOTIFICATIONS OF MAILS?
My name is Sam
How to link adhar card with phone number
What will I be charged for taking emergency balances?
Kindly let us know the account number  for which you had requested for cheque book.
What is maturity date for my loan?
I want to issue a saving account cheque book?
Send me the procedure to check balance of datacard
Your bill due date is 15 August 2017.
I am not able to browse any website.
I want to change my plan.
I dint receive my debit card
kindly block my debit card.
Yes, we activate 699 plan for you.
I have already called many times before
Who can become a co-applicant?
What is my nick name?
international
I want to update my  address for my current mobile number
what to do to change my address?
I want to know my account balance.
I want to open a fixed deposit.
It's a good day today at Bank of ABC, my name is Heath, How can I help you?
Hey how are You.
i need a break
Have you get time to look this issue?
How is your life going on?
what is the status of my complaint
If my bill was correct as soon as possible I am going to file a case against your company
sorry for late response
My boss will not say 'yes'.
Place it wherever you like.
She has long arms and legs.
I am using this service since 5 years
How can I port my number ?
What are the interest rates on home lone
How was your day
I want to change my password
thank you
How are you?
IBM Policies provide a minimum base for IBM data; some are aslo applicable to client data !
Do you know?
I want to know my billing history
I want resolution for my network related issues
Thanks, You too.
How do I understand the details of transaction incurred using my credit card?
How can I update/change my email ID on my credit card account?
The product which I received is faulty.
How does that sound?
How does that sound?
How does that sound?
Could you explain how 3Mbps is fast enough for four people to stream HD videos if Netflix, the company that actually does the streaming, says I need at least 5Mbps for every single stream?
Please solve my query as soon as possible, Otherwise escalate it
Tell me the procedure to link family plan on my mobile number
How are you?
What is procedure to upgrade the credit limit ?
Please give me duplicate bill of my credit card for month of July
Please give me duplicate bill of my debit card for month of July
Please activate live weather service on my mobile number
I wish I could help you, but this is out of our control.
Who can I contact if I continue having problems with my Broadband service?
I am getting the issue on my laptop
What equipment is needed for VOIP?
how old are you
Explain LTE and GSM internetworking
You will be receiving a call from our support team in next few hours regarding this request.
The request has been logged and will be processed in next 5-7 working days
The bill dispute request will be sent to your bank and based on their confirmation it will be taken further.
Internet speed is not up to the mark on my laptop
i want to add one of the services
How do I reset my PIN?
My ATM Card got stuck in the machine, can you help?
I had open a service request for my issue and it is still not resolved, can you urgently look into this?
What is amount of penalty that will be charged if the bill is paid after due date?
How many installments of EMI I can create for the spend on my credit card.
Can I transfer my main balance to my family members?
What will your referees say about you?
What would be ISD call rate for my Plan?
sorry, call was disconnected by itself
what are the latest jio plans ?
I don't work on Fridays.
I have a mobile
Do you usually speak to him like that?
This is absolutely correct
our office is in gurgaon
My name is Pranay
how may i help you?
I would like to talk to some one senior in your customer care team
Go live your life
Which documents are required for completing the formailities.
Please tell me if the modem and its installation is free under this plan?
india is a developing country
If I dont have Government ID proof.
where do you stay?
what are the plans for international roaming?
I am not able to understand under which section I should claim.
your service list is not visible to me
In most areas, Vodafone Customer Care Executives are available to take your call from 8am to 9pm every day.
I love to walk in the morning.
Could you connect to the concern person?
Please disable the services for international calling
Your record has been recorded
I want to know my data balance
he is calling you for your appointment
Can i get 3G services on my existing number?
I want some discount offers since I am a regular customer. Can you offer me the same?
My friends are working in you company.
how do i port my number to other network
apart from dba role what else you do for your team?
I want to change my plan from prepaid to postpaid.
I want to change my bill plan before my bill cycle ends.
Akash is a good boy.
I would like to discontinue your services
how do I check my request status?
what documents are required to change my bill plan
I want to change my plan
Why GST is required ?
how to link adhar card number to my account
my name is pawan
Customer : Ok
how can I start the call waiting facility on my phone?
Who called on my behalf?
I want to change my plan.
how much validity is remaining on my data plan
what is the name of your project?
How to Port One Mobile Network to Another Mobile Network
Can I purchase a Demand Draft/Payment Order/Travellers Cheque against cash
I want to enquire about having a locker in the bank
Let me find you know
I am not happy with the quality of reception here.
I want to activate caller tune on this mobile number
What is my name?
Is that train on time?
The United States of America (USA), commonly known as the United States (U.S.) or America
Please send my bill on my new number
what are current offers
I want to know bill plans.
I want to drink water
My Internet banking is not working
how we can find customer care details for different networks
i have to pick my wife tomorrow
I will fill the Feedback Customer Care form
I have to pay my rent
show me the analysis of my last month transactions
I have bought a new phone
Is there any problem with mobile handset setting or something else ?
Help me to understand the Bill Amount
What should I avoid when buying a VoIP phone system?
I want to know the details of my last 5 transactions
When does the Customer receive  Monthly bill?
what is my mobile  Value Added Service
where is my ATM pin
My bill is incorrect
I am calling because I received a wrong bill. I just paid my phone bill two days ago and my payment is not reflected in the bill.
For verification purposes mam, Can I get your name and birth date?
It seems that are some problem with my dongle device
What is  your plan for weekend
This plan is corporate plan
Have a good day .
How to generate Barcode in your phone?
I am not feeling well today.
How can I help you?
Where are you going?
data complaints
check my data balance
Can you tell me new offers on my account
I want to change my mobile.
I want to change my mobile.
How are you?
Please issue a stop payment against my cheque number 000000!
see you later.
I have my number on Do not Disturb but still receiving unwanted calls.
Have a Good Day
signal is very low
How can I activate Internet banking on my account number.
Please send me Duplicate Bill
How can I give porting request?
I am post-paid customer. Will I get the same plan with new Mobile Operator as with my current Mobile operator?
what is the emi pending on my loan account
How can I get the information about best offers for me?
I am not receiving any SMS?
You will have to fill in the form and be introduced by an identifier—a person who has a bank account with us.
solar system has 9 planets
Blue whale is the largest mammal on earth
i want to apply for credit card
Please select the type of address you would like to change
By choosing this option, you will receive your Hard Copy
my name is incorrect in the passbook.
When i have need to pay my next bill
Can I take home loan with my friend as co-borrower?
What are the interest rates on the house loan?
My laptop is having some issue today
Can I repay my loan ahead of schedule?
Can i get a home loan of higher amount?
What is my savings account balance?
Look, this is ridiculous, you have my security identification and his, it's not up to you to decide whether or not we are married
Look, my husband wants to talk to you again!
My name is sumit
What are the general eligibility conditions for availing a Personal  loan?
What are the general eligibility conditions for availing a Gold loan?
How does my salary influence my Gold loan amount?
How do I block lost Credit/Debit Card?
Does 4G support voice calls?
What are the various document needed to apply for home loan?
What are the various document needed to apply for Personal loan?
How is the interest rate calculated?
We are all united by one single desire to be valued by another.
How can I explore new plans and offers
where is your nearest customer centre from my home
Your are welcome.
I want to use it for business objects
How to deactivate caller tune on my number ?
what is the amount pending on my credit card for this billing cycle?
please tell me the authorized centers for your products
How to know about caller tune services on my number ?
Hello Need more details on airtel bill plan
What are the facilities in getting prepaid number
I don't agree with you
Which Mobile Network is best in Uttar Pradesh ?
Tomorrow morning I wanted to have a discussion with you regarding the new assignment.
How can I change the SIM / What do I do if I have lost the SIM?
what is  my account balance
How can I change the SIM / What do I do if I have lost the SIM?
How to close my connection?
How can I deactivate roaming services on my mobile
how can i check my bank account balance from my phone
Where can I see my credit summary
Are all smartphones compatible with Jio?
What is your hometown's name ?
Please issue Duplicate Bill / Detail Bill?
do you provide loan against private sector bonds ?
I am calling because I received a wrong bill.
Can I cancel my cheque on weekend
Give me just a minute/second while I figure this out for you.
We are thankful to you
That's awesome/great!
is there any penalty if there is a delay in housing loan EMI
How can i help ?
Can you share details on the Mudra Loan?
What is the current rate of intetest on home loan
What is the rate of interest on commercial loan
Can I get a data plan for 10 days
Could it be that you don’t have a micro SIM?
Your micro SIM will be sent by first class mail and will be arrive within the next three working days.
i am getting Handset Related issue
How does an Prepaid card work?
Sorry for the inconvenience madam.
let me check your details, please give me a moment
How often can I change my plan?
Please stay on the line while I transfer your call to my senior for better assistance
How can I make changes to my myPlan?
mobile data internet speed is not good
I love my India
How do I report that my card has been lost or stolen?
I am an IBM employee.
in my society idea is not working
What is the best teriff for airtel postpaid ?
what is my ATM pin number
where can i find mobile details?
I had requested for my mobile number portability. Please let me know the status of that.
Can I switch between CDMA & GSM or vice-versa?
thanks a lot
Enquiry with mobile number portability
I want to change my bill plan
In how much time, MNP request will be processed? / What is the porting time once request is submitted?
I want to activate Instant alert messaging service on my bank account number.
Can my current Mobile Operator authorized to stop my Porting request?
good morning, how may i help you
My water purifier is not working since yesterday
How do I activate outgoing / incoming after number ported to new operator?
Hi, thanks for calling ABC Corp
What I need to you to get the itemized bill?
What is your name?
What is the request number for my issue?
How could I be sure ?
How do I get a duplicate Bill?
What is your address.
Ram is taller
When will I be charged late payment fees and how much?
Late payment charges are levied on the bill if the Billed Outstanding is not paid within due date.
Could you please close the door
I want a duplicate bill.
I have an old phone number in my account details.
This game needs tough physical fitness.
You do not see me again
Please let me know roaming plans available.
I am looking for car insurance, i checked on your website, but don't see any quotation option, can you guide me where to check that ?
I want to know my data balance
I need a duplicate bill for the previous bill cycle.
i want to book wireline complaint
Why is my SIM card blocked
thank you for the call
Can you please explain interest rate of Credit card
Can u please help me to convert my expenses to EMI
How much extra charge for EMI
What is possible ways to convert expenses to EMI options
could you please tell me how to change the password of my account.
Where i can find out near by ATM
How to rectify the errors.?
Why compliance issue is biggest issue.?
I am facing problems with ATM ?
My area is not getting network coverage
I am facing lot of issues with ATM usage?
What are the National Roaming charges?
what is the validity of the standing instruction?
What does adherence mean
How are the incoming international roaming charges reflected in the bill? OR Why am I billed twice for a single incoming call?
I need to get a duplicate bill
how is the weather today?
today's Bangalore climate is very hot
behind my house there is a beautiful garden
i love to eat orange
May I call you?
What is RTGS Funds Transfer?
what is your name?
Who saw a peacock dance in the woods?
please refund my deposit
From which date BSNL free roaming offer will be effective?
I want to know the balance of my data package
Tell me something about you that most people don't know.
Credit management is a term.
HOW TO INCREASE EFFICIENCY WHILE COMMITTING ERRORS?
Credit management is very important in good
Please add standing instruction of auto debit of rupees 2000 from my savings account towards payment of my credit card expense
my mobile number is not port yet. can you please let me know the reason of it
How to view the monthly repayment schedule for EMI Purchases on my Credit Card.
I want to know about family plan creation in your network
How can I manage my blood pressure?
Do you provide Lease Line
What is the max number of satellite hops allowed in voice communication?
What is the type of signaling used between two exchanges?
What equipment do I need in order to be able to access Broadband?
Can I block my SIM if my phone is lost?
are you interested in knowing other plans details
Before I connect your call to my supervisor, can I know your concern please .
You will be receiving a call from our backend team in next few hours regarding this request.
You will be receiving a call from our bill dispute team in next few hours regarding this request.
How can I help you?
what is my balance amount
what is procedure for deactivating  my roaming package.
How to transfer funds through IMPS using internet banking
Apply online for Pradhan Mantri Surksha Bima Yojna(PMSBY)
How to increase my mobile data speed?
what is my max data limit
What will be maturity amount of my life insurance ?
May i know your name?
Thanks you for the information
it it possible
Can you tell me the last four digit of your card?
May I place your call on hold while I fetch this information for you?
I am not getting network at my location please help
how can i request for a Demand Draft
How can i verify my Income tax return through this account
I want to submit my form 15H
Please stop the payment of the cheque I issued yesterday
I want to activate international roaming on my mobile number
what is the distance between delhi to jaipur ?
My mobile number is this .
SHE IS A GOOD TRANSLATOR.
Do Hand-picked Rewards expire?
How do I avail of the wellness privileges?
But in the morning it is better.
Good bye. 
Can you see a small Run window?
type %temp% in the windows
Please carry on
What is my dog's name
The ATM did not issue cash / issued less cash , but my account has been debited.
I need one pen.
Activate SMS services
Block credit card
My name is Bhisham.
Thank you
What is my bill amount
How are you.
My bill amount is 400 rs.
I lost my phone.
i was been told it will be resolved in two days
where do you live
pls send the electronic bill to my new email address.
The meeting of preparation with opportunity generates the offspring we call luck
hope you received my request to reactive my mobile number, can u confirm ?
WHAT IS MY COMPANY'S NAME
You are our prime customers, we are happy to see you are being associated with us for long time.
can we call you back at the same number, or you have a better call back number
Yes please, that would be helpful.
I want to know about new bill plans
How can I change the language of my bill
I will need you to please fill out an application form. Do you know which of our credit cards you would like to apply for?
How do I deactivate a service on my phone?
How can i help you ?
when can u activate roaming facility in my mobile, im waiting.
Here's the application form.
I am unable to use internet
Yes, I have my driver's license with me.
What is your new address?
Your wife's account ID?
I have recharged my prepaid mobile but balance is not received yet
What is my bill amount?
Please share any suggestions you have to improve our services
Where I will find the bill summary?
i want to port my number to different service provider
Water is colourless
in current, On my mobile number rs  350/- plan is active.
Your mobile number should be active & minimum 90-days old with your current mobile operator.
Can I get an in-principle approval and actually avail of the loan later?
What is 8th sense?
How does ICICI housing loan compare with those offered by other institutions?
Can I apply for ASBA online ?
I want to pay the partial outstanding amount.
Where can I view a summary of telecom charges?
Broadband not working since last few days
May I know charges for the same.
what is the balance in my mobile?
Is dancing good for health?
What is the difference between top-ups & Rate cutters?
Please, tell me your name.
Do you have any other problem regarding this matter?
Pick up the gift
This number always give out of coverage area message.
What is the last payment date on my loan
my ATM card is not working
Who can help me with this issue?
Can I get a micro sim?
What are you doing?
When is the next band progression cycle
how would you describe your self?
when will you complete the current task ?
by when this task will be completed
What are the available tariff plans.
no , its not like that
Your kid goes in which school?
Which algorithm will you use to solve this issue
what do you want to learn?
please let me know my bill amount.
Delivery can be created using Transaction VL01N
Babur, was a descendant of Genghis Khan and Timur, from the Fergana Valley in modern-day Uzbekistan
How will you overcome the frustration while working on projects
What do you like to eat?
Do you know how to cook?
How to Check Sales document is complete or not . To check this GOTO > EDIT > Incompletion LOG
Can you please confirm your phone number.
Indira Gandhi International Airport, situated to the southwest of Delhi, is the main gateway for the city's domestic and international civilian air traffic
men are from mars and women are from venus
turn left.
Is math your favorite subject?
is information gathering completed?
sorry, your voice is not audible.
Why can't I come along with you?
You are intelligent as donkey.
The city's infrastructure is looked after by the NOIDA Authority, a statutory authority set-up under U.P. Industrial Area Development act of 1976
What is the interest I received in that period
I paid my mobile bill yesterday
What is your favorite color ?
how are you
Have a nice day
I want to talk to you manager .
Do you know bengali?
Thanks for the advice.
When will I receive my cheque book?
Can you please help me in knowing my balance?
Check my status of last  recharge of my SMS plan
Subscribe my e-mail for promotional scheme related to data plan.
Subscribe my e-mail for promotional scheme related to 3g plan.
I want to understand my current usage charges.
Subscribe my e-mail for promotional scheme related to top-up plan
Please send me SMS on my number for promotional scheme related to data plan
Please send me SMS on my number for promotional scheme related to 2g plan
Change my government id  number registered to my mobile number ending with 4563
Pull yourself together
Air Your Dirty Laundry in Public
My data balance deducted without any reason
Change my password
Please wait till tomorrow.
What is the minimum and maximum FD amount that can be requested from the ATM?
Please do not worry.
Could you please hold?
i want to switch from postpaid to prepaid
World has 247 countries
my debit car is lost
Please select the relevant service type
am i eligible for a personal loan
You can update your billing address details
What happens if my data usage exceed my monthly data limit?
Which tool to use to tracker employees leaves
Latest and best mobile
Which tool can be used to track employees leaves
what is your email address?
I am Indian.
the internet connectivity is very poor in the area
What Is This?
My mobile is lost, how can I block my SIM services?
how to check my credit balance
The bank notified me that there was a shortage in my escrow account and increased my payments. Is this legal?
What do I do if I dispute a charge on my credit card account?
you can send a secure message to request for decrease in limit on your credit card
When did you last updated your laptop?
I am facing issue in uploading bill.
I am wrongly charged in this credit card bill
but before its maturity, by means of an application in the prescribed form to the officer in charge of the branch of the Bank from which the term Deposit is issued.
At the discretion of the Bank, loan against the Term/Fixed Deposit may be given to the depositors
Request to you Send me Duplicate Bill
How to calculate metrics.?
Thank you to register my request.
What is the procedure for changing the calling plans
i am facing so many issues with the land phone connection, disturbance in line was the initial issue and now the phone is completely dead and broadband is not working.
Does Singing good for health?
can i have a glass of water?
What is my bill amount
i want to activate roaming plan on my number
I want to make a demand draft
I want to know the outstanding principal amount on my home loan
I want to update my billing address
Hello Kindly deactivate my roaming pack.
Can I repay my loan ahead of schedule?
am i talking to sachin
what is the tenure available for personal loan
What is my favourite sports?
can we transfer personal loan to another bank
And I would like to merge my wife's account with mine
I need to talk to customer care executive.
what can i donate in flood relief ?
Press 1 for English or Press 2 for Hindi
Why my balance is not yet transfer to another account.
I want to purchase this plan.
Home loan interest rate has been reduced by Reserve bank of India but you're still charging with same interest rate?
My name is Sunil Kumar
Hello how are you..?
Welcome to India
do not panic in flood and reach to the highest land nearby
Can you check and tell me, for this month, why I have received extra 1000 rs on my bill?
What is the capital of India
I want to change nominee of my bank account
What is your age
I am facing frequent dis connectivity issues in my area.
My Name is Mohan
Can you please provide me my account's monthly statement?
How can I change my address ?
Team is first customer to deal before we deal with external customer
I want to activate international roaming.
I didn't change my name when we got married
whats the balance on my phone ?
How may I help you?
I am calling because I received a wrong bill. I just paid my phone bill two days ago and my payment is not reflected in the bill
I wanted to be an architect.
How are you sir ?
How to Politely Tell Someone They Are in Violation of Your Terms of Use or Policies
Are you happy
Write a mail
What is the process for reissue of SIM card
where is my bill for the last transition
Yes, I am the supervisor here.
WHAT IS REPURCHASE RATE?
HOW TO CHANGE ATM PIN?
What is the last payment date on my car loan?
What is the last payment date on my tractor loan?
What are the different voice plans
How would i link my aadhar number to my bank account.
Can you please tell me the procedures to open a locker and how to operate it?
Hi How are you?
Why didn't you call me before rejecting my Mobile Number Portability request?
why you have not updated my billing address
How to convert my credit card purchases to EMIs?
Can you please advise how I can get my bill directly on Email?
I have one car.
manoj is my friend
life gives always a good lesson to us.
Thank you for your prompt service.
Mumbai is a very good city.
i have a problem with the internet speed
What is my bill concern and why you feel bill is more then what is should be
You need to submit all documents
Could you please help me to fix my network issue?
I love to talk.
I would like to know my plan details and bill amount
How hot is it outside today?
how to keep things properly
How to change my ATM pin number from home.
I want to know the details of my last 5 transactions
i am receiving spam call on my mobile, please help me with DND service
This is a system-generated message - please do not reply to this email.
will it possible for you to get in touch with your interview coordinator from IBM
How to deactivate auto renewal option for my online  fixed deposit
Can you please help me to open a bank account
Please help me in updating my contact details
What is the present rate of Service Tax?
What is the periodicity of bill?
My billing address is incorrect
When is my promotion due.
Can a Company ID card be accepted as a Photo ID document ?
My bill amount is incorrect
What is your name?
I am playing.
what is the procedure to open a locker in your bank?
I will go home by today evening.
Could you please close my account?
How does  housing loan compare with those offered by other institutions?
I want to visit London.
I want to speak to your supervisor
Please deactivate 3G from my plan
what are the different prepaid plans
He is singing song.
I do not go there.
can I make the loan repayment in advance ?
I can't see you today as I have an urgent group meeting.
I want to know the available balance of my savings account
Please restart your phone in sometime and let us know if you still face the issues.
When my NEW ATM PIN will be operational.
Please submit the page
what is happiness ?
What is the time
how much pre closing charges i have to pay, to close my personal loan?
is any topup offer available for my loan account?
thanks for co ordination with us
fire is hot
I haven't recieved my bill on mail.
my bill amount is incorrect
How do I recharge my internet plan?
my bill amount incorrect
What is status of my service request?
Why my Internet Download Speed is Slow?
Please let me know the latest offer.
what is the process for sim activation?
HOW TO CREATE EXCEL FORMULA IN MS WORD?
Can you give details of better data plan for my number?
i want to change my account password
I want to change my tariff plan?
i want to change my phone number in bank account
Your business means a lot to us
i want to change my detail of address
Can I get ATM card?
Fill this form separately.
Can you please reactivate my service
I want to activate hello tunes on my number
Do you have any full talktime offers?
My name is WATSON
Enter your number and click Search
Please fill it and give it to the saving bank counter.
I am very shy
Hi Please confirm your full name
I am very aged person
my mobile bill is higher than my monthly plan please help
how to use DND service
Thank you for your value able feedback
Please grant me leave for two day
May I know whom am I talking to?
How to change password in Lotus note ?
Have a nice day ahead.
Talk to you later.
Deactivate
I want to report a stolen card. I got drunk, and had lost my wallet last night.
How to check remaining local minutes in a particular plan?
hoe can i help you
please tell your address
I think you mean the telephone point
I'm sorry, there's no listing
Tell me more.
I want to stop payment of the cheque issued
Tell me about new plans for my number
what is my balance data available
Request Debit card ATM pin
Address on the bill is wrong
My name is Pradeep Nijhawan
How many digits should the ATM PIN be?
I have not received the mobile phone bill
how can I take home loan
My Balance is auto debited?
you are not audible
I want to change my bill plan
i want to open new current account
Please revert me as soon as possible.
for how many years I can take home loan
when is my current bill's last payment date.
How to activate 4G data
For English Press 1
How can I explore new Plans & Offers?
Show transactions from last month
May I take a message?
Can i make the payment through a credit card?
If I request for transaction of more than 50k from cheque, please do confirm with me
What is the validity of my tarrif plan?
May I have some information from you for better assistance?
My Name is Harjit Singh
my phone left networks in roaming, what is cause of that
I have scheduled a meeting with you
What is my data balance
i want to block my atm card.
I want to get receipts on my credit card transactions .
Hi ,Radha here
What is my bill Plan ?
Thank you for calling ProCalling. Have a nice Day. Or have a nice time.
Due to technical upgradation we are not able to check your information please call us after 1 hour
What is my credit limit
Can you tell me the loan servicing branches in the city
i am charging my phone
10)  Plan for one local and  STD call free?
what are the documents needed for complete loan settlement.
What Zodiacs signs are best buddies with Capricorn ?
ok , tell me
I want to change my plan
I have lost my phone. Can you block my sim?
I am very angry with the services provided
What documentation is required for setting up Standing Instructions ?
I want to upgrade my sim
Can I make an advance payment?
this month i find some difference in my monthly bill amount
How can i open a locker
My data plan configuration is not up-to -date.
I did not get any reminder for my telecom bill.
My request for change is not implemented.
What is the customer support number when in International roaming?
I want check my current account balance.
I want to Check my fixed deposit balance.
I did not get any physical statement of my credit account
I want update my address of my bank account
I want update my address of my passbook.
What type of packs can be shared with the members in this family plan
Is there any activation charge for creating family plan
I requested to the Bank for a replacement Card
When I will get network coverage ?
My network is working slow
Will politicians continue to target constituents?
Are multi-stakeholder processes a good way create privacy rules?
Can u please confirm your address
How do I change my card billing information?
My Bill Amount is incorrect
glad to hear that
Unfortunately there’s no one available today
it's a survey call
please verify your number
please rate your experience
you are our lucky customer
My bill amount is incorrect
i would be happy to recommend
Hi Sir, May i have your order please
I am working in night shit
Please help me with waive off process on locker service
How can i port my Mobile Number
i want a waive off on my monthly credit card bill
I am hungry
I want to deactivate my SIM Card.
Please resend my ATM pin
We are going to celebrate Customer Service Week in the first week of October 2017.
i want to change my address on the portal.
I want to recharge my number.
My laptop is not working
voice quality on airtel network in very good
In banking, how many type of accounts are there ?
Why do you we not have plans like reliance Jio
I have received a new debit card . what is procedure to get the new pin activated?
May I know your good name?
May I place your call on hold while I fetch this information for you?
I forgot to pay my bill on time, can you please redeem the late fee charge
What are the best deals in comparison to Airtel/Idea ?
What are the charges for activating the itemized bill service
There is poor network coverage in my area
How Can I link my Adhaar Card to PAN Card
what is the limit of amount , we can withdraw in an single transaction
My bill amount is incorrect
we should get up early in the morning.
I want to change my billing address
Can I get a statement of my loan account
Do you know which of our credit cards you would like to apply for?
What are the monthly charges for itemized bill service
Let us go out to play
I need to change my billing address
Please transfer my call to your customer service executive
What are the benefits of this plan?
signal in my area is very bad as expected
Have you applied for a new cheque book
I requested for number disconnection but security deposit is not returned
I want to know the call rates for local and STD calls
I want to know the best and the cheapest rate plan with least messaging charges ?
I want to know the call rates for local calls
I will complete one video  today of time series.
As I got my bank card pin blocked, request you to kindly reset my pin.
Select on reset PIN
Hello, I would like to stop payment on a cheque I have issued.
You can view/download your past bills by simply logging on airtel and clicking on 'Billing' section for selected account . Your past bills are available under Last Bill and Statements.
How come my bill amount is so much?
what document you need for home loan
what are my current bill plan details
on what basis account has been locked?
How can I access this system
Your email response time is way too high and call centre number is always busy. Please help me with a quicker resolution.
Select "Recharge History" and it shall reflect all the recharges done through the app.
I can't make or receive calls at home. why?
Sign in to your account using your prepaid mobile number on airtel . Click on “Manage Services” and then “Usage Details”.
You will be answered in few minutes, thank you for your patience.
Please dial the other number.
do you have locker facility
what is overdraft in bank
What are my active services
i have issued wrong cheque,can you stop it
could you please tell me the price of those journey.
I want to reset my Credit Card Pin
India is an incredibble country
I love you
I am married
I have one baby boy
india has various tradition
What is the maturity date of my loan
have a nice day.!!
How does my salary influence my vehicle loan amount?
what's up?
what is the rate of interest for fixed deposits
how to close the demat account
I have a lenovo laptop
Sir, may i know your register mobile number or job id number?
can i make the life insurance premium thru cheque?
I want to upgrade my credit card.
please wait while your transaction is being processing
Kindly tell me the request number of your unresolved query.
When my bill plan will be changed
can you return my demand letter
What is the last payment date on my education loan?
what is the interest rate for home loan
I want to change my tariff plan. What are the available options for my region.
How much balance in my account ?
I want to link aadhar card with my bank account.
What is the interest rate for the vehicle loan and what are the other additional charges to avail the loan?
Credit card Balance for (Single Card and Multiple)
How do I update my Permanent Account Number (PAN) for my savings account on your bank website
What are the documents required for opening a locker?
How do i enable data pack for my postpaid connection
Sorry for the wait
I wish to set a new caller tone.
What is your name?
Where do I get details about Outstanding Bills ?
I did not receive account statement for the month of aug. 2017.
please, check that and get it corrected.
I want to change my registered mobile no.
Subscribe my e-mail for promotional scheme related to combo plan.
Change my government id number number registered to my mobile number ending with 4563
Is aadhar enough to get a new connection?
Register a complain for my data balance deducted without notified me
What is conference call service?
I want to change my bill plan
My bill amount is incorrect
Please tell me about more plan
How long it take to get recharge?
May I know Is there any Network problem??
ATM card and Debit card
i want update my family detail in my insurance detail
work is worship
Watson wants to learn hindi
wink music is free on airtel network
What is the process to change my billing address ?
i want to know my profile
Is number is valid for full talktime ?
i want to do work from home today
I want a cheque book
What is the last payment date on my loan?
What is my bill amount
reactivate my do not disturb services
i want to come back to my airtel network
My international roaming is not working
I want to change my bill plan
Why are you not ending it ?
I am happy
bill on mail is on someone else name
What is my bill amount
My internet connectivity is fluctuating in night time, kindly resolve
What is my  billing address
I want to change my post paid plan.
I have a  credit card and want to know how is the remaining balance i have to be used ?
Can you tell me my current bill plan?
How can i be assured that the details entered are confidential ?
Please activate roaming service on my number.
Network is not working in my area.
What is my bill amount?
Bill details are not clear
I have lost my sim.
What corporate plans you are offering
How long it will take to get my request addressed?
Will i get a confirmation email once the rate plan is updated in the data base ?
How is your service different from other telecom vendors
Is there joining fees to this?
I have already paid my monthly bill, yet its showing as not paid
My Bill amount is incorrect
What is my Credit card bill for last month ?
Where will i get deposit form?
I want to take new phone connection
I want to deactivate my prepaid data plan
I want to place a request for a new cheque book.
customer care agent : sir, you will receive a email regarding address change to confirmation  and sms as well.
When does the bus arrive?
can you help me to change my bill plan?
I want to know about Recharge Offers
I want to fix my permanent access for my location
Great. Follow the cord to the plug, and tell me if it’s plugged into the wall.
I want to book a meeting room
How do I repay my Business Loan?
What are the loan tenure options for Business Loan?
I want to know about different bill plan to choose from.
whats the benefit of taking your plan from the current plan i am using from different service provider?
What is my data balance?
What is Cibil score ?
How do I change/modify my account details?
What is your favorite movie quote?
How to schedule a video conference?
What is the purpose Back to Main link?
What are the different interface types available in participant template?
How to use various functionalities?
What is my plan
How to change email password.?
What is full form of BSIC?
What is Telemedicine?
What is the temperature?
How many countries are in the world?
My bill amount is not correct.
I have been charged extra in this month's bill.
i have a two wheeler and a four wheeler
shashank is ios Developer
your password has been expired
I want to visit my hometown
Can I request for cheque book online
you must listen to me
my mobile number is changed
because in hindi there are many more alphabet than english
update your profile
9)  Plan to Change prepaid to postpaid ?
I took new SIM Card and it is not yet activated
Please activate my number
What would be the bill cycle
what is your date of birth?
Is there a charge for changing the data plan
How will I know when my service is activated
Hello sir, How may help you ?
I want to know the call rates for international calling
For network related issues whom should I contact
I am not able to open my bill receipt.
my outgoing call is barred
My incoming and outgoing call is barred
How can I get it renewed?
there is no network on my number since this morning
Customer : ok Thanku
what is balance amount in saving account ?
I want to know my Data Balance
I don't want to receive a paper bill . Rather would want a bill on my email address .
What are the details of my loan account
I want my email ID to be updated
Namaskar! My Name is Ajay.
My address is updated incorrect in passbook.
Amount didn't come in my saving account.
Narendra Modi is prime minister of India
Please tell me the recharge offers when my sim is in roaming .
There is some problem in my Phone Connectivity
My data card has been lost, Please deactivate it.
i need to open a new account
I want to know about Roaming Pack
I want to port my phone number ?
I did recharge of 1000 rupees it still not credited, Please help asap.
I want to know about availability of 3G Services in my Area
Please tell me my customer ID number.
Today i am feeling happy
i want Sim Replacement
It takes two to make a quarrel.
Gather thistles & expect pickles.
What are the recharge offers currently available for my number ?
What are the plans for broadband?
I want to change my bill plan
Are you satisfied with our service.
What is my Credit card bill for last month.
I need to know the process to apply for a new connection?
I want replacement for my sim card
what is my bill amount
Can i know your name?
How dare he speak to you like that?
What food is delicious but a pain to eat?
Where am i ?
i had done lot of work.
What’s the most ironic thing you’ve seen happen?
Please explain all the plan with data benifits.
My bill details are wrong.
how to progress on data
i want the details of my last 10 transactions.
This metric say about how the whole organization or product team (not only a development team) reacts to customer's needs.
I need to open a joint account, let me know the process
To open a joint saving account, you have to fill the form and you have to visit the bank branch
have you been to Delhi
There are tools that help to make sense out of these measures.
I want to deactivate 3G on my mobile number.
Is there any tracking feature available in 3G network ?
Please help me to change my netbanking password
I am an Airtel user, can I retain the same number while subscribing for BSNL 3G services?
What is the probability of rain today?
How do I port from one network to another?
Why should I opt for video call?
How does an NRI correct his/her position if the purchased shares / convertible debentures are in excess of the prescribed limit, if any?
What you are doing ?
At what frequency does an NRI need to report his transactions to the Authorised Dealer?
Should I go to bank personally or can I send the notes through my representative?
Can I withdraw cash against cheque?
Can I make use of electronic (NEFT/RTGS/Internet Banking etc.) mode?
I want to pay my bill
I want to change by billing address
i want to justify on billing dispute
inviting the bull to hit you
Where do I redeem points earned on my debit card?
I received an error while payment of my bill, kindly suggest
Whoever is born will die, be it a king or a beggar.
Whoever owns the lathi (a huge cane/stick) owns the buffalo
Conversion of any other Term/Fixed Feposit/s placed by the Deposit holder with the Bank to the Deposit is not permissible.
I am getting too much call & sms from your marketing 7 sales team
My SIM not configured yet.
If you have opted for the reinvestment scheme, a compounded interest is added to the principal amount, every quarter and is reinvested.
Where can I get the form for new 3G services?
1- total free quota in my bill plan
I want to change my credit limit
what did you cook today
Sure, I will help you but for security check may I have few details related to your number
Amount is charged in bill but plan is not activated
How may I help you?
I want to request for a new SIM Card
Don't find fault. Find a remedy
Can you please let me know the last four digit of your card number.
I have to convert my spending to EMI
Will a Memorandum of Deposit be sent on opening of the FD?
What are the interest rates for opening fixed deposits
Can customer use this facility to change mobile number also?
Can all customers make a payment towards their Credit Card?
Will instant credit happen in my Loan account on making payments through the ATM?
I like my manager
How will I go to Delhi from Gurgaon
What are the documents that are needed for postpaid 4G connection
How to change bill plan
how can I help you?
It will be given free of cost
Can I put you on hold.
Thank you Sir
Keep the ATM card safely
Where are you?
what is the workaround
Submit your questions here
Have you been to United state of America?
how may I assist you today?
I want to change my billing cycle.
There are no mobile tower signals in my mobile.
I am satisfied with the service provided on my current service request.
Please activate national roaming pack on my phone
Will you be able to come tomorrow ?
How are you?
Have you ever received bad service in a restaurant? What happened?
what would you like to know?
Sorry for inconvenience
My payment failed in midway.
My telecom bill not generated yet.
Have you completed your work
My data balance is not updated.
I got 3g balance instead of 4g balance.
My voice quality is full of noise.
I want caller tune related promotional offer.
I want to change my current active plan
hello how are you
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Neha, How may I assist you?
how are you
I am having problem of frequent call dropping at my location
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Affan, How may I assist you?
My Debit card got stuck inside the ATM machine and it is not coming out please help
how are you
How can I get a locker facility in your bank?
how can i change my caller tone
can you see a new windows that contains multiple files
Can I add my credit card for Standing Instruction on Debit Card?
i have no idea
Thank you for everything
Excuse me can you tell me where I can cash a traveler's cheque?
Can I help you?
So that's your amount.
I don't think we've met.
Can I recharge for my friends and relatives?
Yes. You can recharge for your family, friends & loved ones using the same account.
NCPR is a TRAI initiative to enable mobile / land-line subscribers in India to choose what kind of commercials communication they want to receive or block all.
What is Unsolicited Commercial communication?
Who is Telemarketer?
Refer to DND Page and choose your current Mobile operator from the list to know how to subscribe to NCPR.
will you come with me?
I would like to cancel my Mobile Number Portability request.
how to cancel my Mobile Number Portability request?
what are the new data plans ?
I am working hard for promotion.
I had issued an cheque, but now I want to stop its payment, can you tell me its procedure.
There is no issue in bill plan
i want to stop the payment of the cheque i issued, can you tell me the procedure for it?
I was sleeping.
are incoming roaming charges applicable in pre paid plan
Can I change my ATM pin through net banking
Are you alright?
What is the minimum amount required for opening saving account
what is your name
May I know if I have any international bill plans , because I am moving out of India for some time.
What to do if my Account becomes dormant ?
How do I update my Mobile number/Email address for my credit card?
I have converted a transaction into EMI on credit card. I have not received the amortisation schedule of the EMI. Whom should I approach?
How do I apply for a Priority Pass Card?
Will I be eligible for reward points on Cash withdrawal transactions on Credit Card?
What if the Contactless Credit Card is lost or stolen?
If I have only one mobile number and multiple bank cards (Credit / Debit / Prepaid) can I use all the cards?
Can I request for my gift to be delivered to another address?
How is a ICICI Bank Chip Card better than a magnetic strip card?
How do I register credit card for online bill payment?
I want to convert my current plan into family plan
What is ICICI Bank Rewards?
Could you please tell me my last 10 mobile recharge amount value ?
How can I apply for an Add-on credit card?
How close does the 'tap' have to be to the reader?
How can I update my international mobile number in my credit card for transaction and OTP alerts?
What are the Benefits of HPCL Coral Credit Card?
How do I receive Credit Card Statements in my e-mail?
How can I know my outstanding/ transaction details of my credit card statement?
Remove my internet plan completely
What is the auto-debit facility for my credit card?
How do I earn ICICI Bank Rewards?
how may i help u?
How and where will the Auto Recharge get triggered for Unifare Mumbai Metro Card?
How do I resolve a query regards the rewards programme?
What happens if the I miss the IVR Pin Entry call back?
Will I continue to have my business or employee discounts and Friends & Family?
Standing Instruction facility on your Debit Card ensures that you pay your bills on time every month.
you have to contact to another extension sir
why my complaint not yet solved
Yes, the Account Owner will receive a text message when a change that affects your Friends & Family eligibility is made.
Can I deposit withdrawn notes through ATMs, Cash Deposit Machine or cash Recycler?
I want to my address to be updated
Do you recognize him
When I went there, she was sleeping
What if I will unable to pay 2-3 Installments of EMI on my Credit Card?
Can I have your full name please?
In case you have a large income from interest – Advance Tax may become payable on a quarterly basis.
I want to know about data plan.
I want to  changed my billing address.
I want to  activate DND service on my number.
When do I have to pay my bill?
I would like to deactivate caller tune. Can you please help?
How can I update my billing address and contact information?
i want new international  plan for calling
My network is not working in roaming. Can you check it?
Is there any new offers?
It took much wisdom to answer these questions
I need a password reset for my email id
How many crows are there in this city
Can I talk to your manager?
what is the maturity value of fixed deposit?
I want to update my address in cheque book.
What is the total balance paid on my personal loan ending with 9982 ?
Tell me and my brother's joint account balance ending with 1809 ?
What is the closure date of recurring deposit account ending with 5946 ?
What is the closure date of fixed deposit account ending with 5946 ?
What is my credit card bill due date for this month ?
Send me mail of my account statement ending with 8976 ?
Scheduled my electricity bill for auto payment for every month with upper limit of rupees 2000.
Cancel my schedule payment of  insurance premium on 2nd day of month.
My credit card not delivered yet.
Can EEFC Account be opened by Special Economic Zone (SEZ) Units?
Why is the principal amount and the fixed deposit maturity amount of my Fixed Deposit the same?
What are the benefits of having a Current/Saving Account for my Business loan?
Is the e-Monies NEFT system better than the existing RBI-EFT system?
What does "Valid up to 01/10" on my card mean?
What do I do if I have finished my unlimited pack, my speed has reduced and I want the speed once again?
Do I need to configure any special settings on my phone to use 3G?
How many types of roaming services are available?
What is my service request number
I have a dispute under my last months bill.
what is the process of MNP
Since last week I facing N/W issue can you please fix it..?
I have raised this request long back but still no solution.
How can i get qnquiry regarding tarrif plan ?
I would to change my address in my aadhar card
How do I set up payees?
Sim is not supporting my phone how can i lodge complaint
Can the first applicant for a Recurring Deposit be a minor?
What is the procedure to switch to new tariff plan?
who are registered and unregistered telemarketers ?
Chanakya The biggest guru-mantra is: never share your secrets with anybody. It will destroy you
What do you mean Mobile Number Portability?
What is the procedure for setteling full and final of my closing number
In which all state your network is available
What balance I need to deposit to open a current account.
What are the details of my loan account
Provide my current month Bill on my mail
Please tell me the resolution time
Does this home loan have a prepayment penalty?
what is the banking times in this bank?
how many Recurring Deposit account i have?
How many EMIs are pending of my personal loan?
My Account number is 11223344.
If we have resolved your problem or query, then please take some time to provide your feedback on IVR at the end of call
In order to use the activated tariff plan without any hassles, you need to do restart your phone in sometime.
Where are you going?
when are you going to get married?
My name is Bala..!!
Do you have the locker facility available in you bank?
I would like to know my remaining money in my account
My bill amount is incorrect
Can we do this change on call?
How do I calculate the maturity value of the Fixed Deposit?
How do I calculate the value of the Fixed Deposit?
My SIM card doesn't have network
Explanation of bill must come on user mail
Will I have access to my fee account on-line?
can u please explain process of sim card de-activation
is my sim card is activated ?
Is my sim card is deactivated ?
When are my fees due for payment?
From where i can collect my sim card
i need to call my brother but my balance was deducated
what are the per-requisites to get locker service
Buyer contacts the seller directly through PayPal’s Resolution Center site to file a dispute
Which is the future technologies?
Your result is listed above.
When will my electricity bill come
is there a part payment option for the personal loan
Do I need to furnish any security to get a Personal loan?
my sim is locked
This is punishable offense
what is the procedure to close the loan account
What is my bill amount
I want to change my data plan
my name is sweeti sharma
Shashank is teacher
I need help to understand my bill completely.
I prefer to finish my work on time
how can I create a family plan for my family for economical billing
what is my current price plan and services ?
I am fine today
How do I cancel a Bill Pay facility registered on my credit card?
How do I register for CitiAlert services?
How to login to Citibank On line or How to generate User ID and IPIN?
How do I update or correct my name or date of birth on my credit card account?
How can I know my credit card balance on closure of the card?
I WANT TO ENQUIRE ABOUT MY MOBILE NUMBER
how do i get the pin
Can I set an ATM pin of my choice ?
what is current status of my booking
How many pins are there
I want to change my password.
What is your account number
Can you please tell me balance?
I want to port my number because I am getting better facilities for the same bill plan from other service provider
Central Government Health Scheme card
Insert your ATM card
what is my current data limit
How are you
i want my account details
Should I flow the other plan
thanks for reply me ..you have a nice day
What is the current outstanding amount on my credit card?
how to activate sms services
what percent of yr salary , you can get car loan
If I am an individual and hold an Bank Current A/c as well as an XYZ Bank Savings Account/ Credit Card/ Demat Account, can I link these relationships to the same Internet Banking User ID?
What do I need to view/enable my various  Bank relationships on website.
Maturity Value of fixed deposit
I want to buy new mobile phone
When will I receive my cheque book?
What is my Credit card bill for august ?
Pay my mobile bill for Rs. 800
What are the bank charges for demand draft upto Rs.1000/- ?
What are the Demand Draft Charges?
Recharge Offers
Can I talk to Mr. dash?
He is my elder brother.
She is my elder sister.
if we do the transaction over the phone or online, our team will still contact you for verification prior sending your money to a different bank. The whole process usually just takes 2-3 days.
How to Respond to a Customer that Forgot Their Password
How much balance is there in my account?
I have a 3 bedroom house.
Why my bill amount is high?
how to convert MST to IST
What is my current bill plan?
how much free data can you offer me this month?
I want to open a Bank Account
If my call is dropped or disconnected, how am I charged?
Honesty is the best policy
I want to get promotion
I lost my Credit card, please block the card
I am not feeling well today
I am going to Goa
She is best friend
My name is Mohit and i am calling today to talk about traffic signals
How much interest can we get for Fixed Deposit?
work is god
which plan is activated on my mobile
I belong to Andhra but my Hindi is clear as I am born and brought up in Delhi
How to cancel a cheque
what are the benefits of family banking ?
How to activate Family Plan Creation
My mobile internet is not working
What are the general eligibility conditions for availing a Business  loan?
What is my data Balance
Hope you are enjoying your work in the new project
demo demo demo demo
what would be the interest rate for EMI on credit card spend?
what is the due date of my bill?
What is the total bill amount I have to pay?
How can we describe law
what is the IFSC code for my branch ?
I am not able to make the STD calls
how much late fee you will charge ?
Can I buy a SIM for my brother on my identity?
Can I transfer my SIM to someone's else name?
Can I recharge for some other number?
How to opt out of a value added services?
Can I get a SIM on my employee's ID?
Kindly answer the security questions as per the bank security policies before i check the status of your request for cheque book.
f the grievance is not redressed by his/her card issuing bank.
We will be sending you a new bill or your email.
What is the Transaction Fee charged to me?
What if I forget the ATM-PIN of my PayDirect Card?
I am calling because I received a wrong bill.
what is 3G?
I would like to port my number
where are you going.
However, the bill that you received was generated a week before you made the payment that’s why your latest payment had not been reflected.
We are here to serve you better
He is a Consultant Medical Oncologist
Can I activate 4G services on my current mobile number?
I was wondering if you could answer a question for me.
I am not able to see connection.
Do you have any previous bill with you?
What is the current rate of service tax?
In need a Caller Tune
My transaction was canceled but money is not yet refunded to my account.
I want to activate roaming service
What are the processing fees charged by the bank for business loan?
Is there any penalty for prepay the loan?
I had recharged a few minutes ago but I cannot see it to be successful.
Can you provide me details on self-service applications?
I wish to apply for family plan de-linking.
What is Pre-EMI?
what is the balance of my bill
i want to activate value added services to my number
how to do stop payment for post dated cheques
I am happy
Recharge my DTH for [<Rs. Y>]
I want to invoke DND for my number can you please help me to raise the request
I need Refund Of Deposit.
How do I know the latest tariff plans?
I need to update my phone number
I need to change my plan.
How can I activate national roaming on my number?
I want to deactivate my 3G service.
I am facing call drop issue most of the time.
India is my country.
do you have any new offer.
Are there any registration charges for getting a bank locker?
Hi, The shopkeeper has swiped my card many time. I received only message about my transaction. My balance amount is ok . But is it some thing I need to concerned about.
Do you know me?
What's your plan?
What is my bill amount?
I want to change my data plan. Please tell me what are the offering you have in 145 rs monthly plan.
I want to reset my ATM pincode.
I NEED TO ACTIVATE STD FACILITY
Please deactivate my connection
My name is Chandan
One
Surely i will help you in this regards
How can I make an online request for cheque book/drafts?
What is your Education?
My internet bill amount is Rs. 531
Did you eat your food
Will we would be considered for hike this year.
Hello! How are you?
when I will get maturity amount
what is the best way to master salesforce .
I need to transfer one time amount to a beneficiary through my Citi Bank account
I need to open an account in your bank
how can i get the duplicate bill?
Roaming charges
what is instant credit balance
I want my bill hard copy on my registered address.
If you have chosen the service of auto-renewal on your current fixed deposit, then the matured amount will be utilized for renewing the fixed deposit with new term.
When I will get my credit card ?
When I will get my credit card PIN ?
What I need to do after I receive my credit card PIN ?
what is watson
Have we met before?
I want to know how i can protect my whats up data?
Did you take new connection for you?
there are lot of alerts are coming from your side
i wll not call you back
Please help me to check credit verificaion
I want to check balance for the account ending with 3456.
But despite this, my last bill is inflated
do you know similar to english alphabets hindi language also has its own series that starts from A anar AA aam
What should I do after logging in?
Which road leads to the bank
Work hard lest you should fail
How Do I Keep My Laptop’s Battery In Good Health?
Do I Really Need to “Eject” USB Drives?
What is meant by ‘LASER’?
How to find list of IFSC Codes in Delhi?
i want to upgrade my sim
I hope that helps! Please let me know if you have any further questions or issues, of course.
If you feel we were helpful, would you mind leaving a 5-star review?
If you plan to continue your service, you can simply submit a new payment by logging in to your account. I have ensured it will remain active for another five days to give you extra time as well.
How many places have you traveled to?
Can we pay bill by my airtel app?
Where is my PIN KIT?
List some Database Technologies : IBM DB2, Oracle, MS SQL Server
my ATM pin is blocked since yesterday
will I get the credit card as well ?
i want to cloce my ICICI bank account
I want to change my billing plan.
What is my account number?
Thank you for calling our bank. Your Call is important for us. Please be on the line. One of our representative will assist you shortly.
what is the maturity date of my loan?
what is the maturity date of my loan?
What are the part payment charges for a Tractor Loan?
“Hello! My name is Victoria Washington and I’m calling for IBM International products. May I please talk to Michelle Shaw?
How to withdraw cash from my savings account?
How much time it will take to activate my SIM ?
What is my account Branch?
Where is my Debit Card?
Gregory is my beautiful gray Persian cat.
can I get the delivery till tomorrow
I want to change my postpaid connection to Prepaid
What is my Credit card bill for last month?
Set network services to manual mode and search for available network
How are you?
When my services going to expire.
How may i help you?
For doing an MNP of a corporate connection it need to first converted to individual connection.
what is the cost for locker service
I receive my debit card but name on it is different.
I want to order demand draft on my company name
I did not receive my demand draft yet in my home address.
Can you escalate to the 1st level escalation of my request ?
Cash not dispense from my ATM card in beleghata branch
is it possible to check the balance in my bank account offline?
What are the benefits of using Family Plan?
How to apply for demat account
what are the maintenance charges of a demat account
How to check the credit card bill online
Is there any charges for mobile banking
How to trade in stock market?
How to get rental rebate ?
What is the present rate of Service Tax ?
How can I change or update my communication address in my credit card account?
What is a CVV number?
I have cancelled the credit card. However my credit card is still showing in Internet Banking. Please remove the canceled card?
Can I use both phone and ADSL together?
Where are you talking from?
How do I apply for a Priority Pass Card?
Can we use WLL mobile handset for cellular mobile services also?
Whatâ€™s the most courageous thing youâ€™ve ever done?
Who would play you in a movie of your life?
When youâ€™re having a bad day, what do you do to make yourself feel better?
Thank you for calling Home shop 18
Hi May name is Arjun and how may i help you today
How to do this
I want to deactivate my ATM card
I wanted to get a personalized cheque book for my account.
I want my itemized bill
What are the timings to avail locker service in your bank?
I know cooking
i want to activate Value add services on my mobile number
How do I earn ICICI Bank Rewards?
Is there a way to view all the options quickly instead of browsing through the catalogue?
What are the consequences of not paying a bill that is presented to me at BillDesk?
I want to change my bill plan.
You have been offered a good plan.
is there any penalty if there is a delay in housing loan EMI?
Delhi Metro is delayed by thirty minutes because of rain in Delhi.
please help to deactivate the following services on my mobile number.
How much tax I have to pay for this financial year
please tell me your mobile number as per in bank records
I am staying in Bangalore city.
You are in queue.
And where do you do gardening?
Do you participate in competitions?
I am not getting data services?
What are different plan available in my network circle
I want to change my data package from rs 99 to rs 349 is there any manual process to do that?
how much to pay now
can you mail me the bill?
What name you have given to him/her?
Secunderabad, Telangana
I have lost my ATM card and would like to reset my ATM PIN
I want to deactivate hello tunes on my number ? can you help me?
I want to opt for Port Out
Select your address from the list and then click Submit
How can I change the SIM / What do I do if I have lost the SIM?
Always speak truth
Click the Change address button
Once you select Update billing address, a new page will open.
Please issue me new ATM card.
What panilty i have to pay, if i break FD before maturity.
It sounds like you've had an interesting life.
Garage closes 1 hour after event, what does that mean?
Please describe the issue in brief
I want to know the the balance of my mobile
My SIM is not activated till now
I have not received my mobile bill for last month
How do I stop being so awkward
what is the cheapest plan you have ?
I’m sorry, sir, I don’t understand who you are talking about.
there is no network coverage in my area ?
Your executives are not letting me talk to their seniors
There must be a process to transfer of call
I have requested for port and I want to know the status of it
I have coverage problem.
Please send me your address
where should i pay my bills
what is Voice Quality?
what is Recharge Dispute?
what is Bills Not Received?
what is Data Card related?
what is Credit Verification?
Where is my ATM PIN?
what is  Status Of Mobile?
what is Explanation Of Bill?
what is Self Service Applications?
who will send bill on my mail ?
What is the current balance outstanding on my loan
Maturity date of fixed deposit
Hyderabad is a beautiful city
What is the consumption of my data so far?
I am not getting any support from your Customer service
If you could time travel, where would you go?
If you could have dinner with anyone from history, who would it be?
to provide you better support can i forward your call to concerned team
You can dial number on your mobile phone,After which you have to Select “Internet plan Details” and then, Select “Download Internet Settings”.
I am unable to fetch records at the moment
How may i help you?
what would i need to do for this?
If you are on any Regular Pack and you finished your quota you can opt for an additional pack that allows you to enjoy speed and also not get charged.
I want to deactivate my number
Please reset my wallet pin
where can i get new connection
Select 3G mode or Dual mode to use 3G services on your phone.
I want to activate free voice service
What are the data roaming charges on International Roaming?
Hello, what can i do for you ?
It takes more time to connect a call
You need to change certain settings of your phone
Could you please guide me ?
If you find it doesn’t help solve your problem, please don’t hesitate to reach me again.
What can you learn from books?
resolve my tariff issue
i want to redefine my office loan
my phone fell in water
I have completed all the work assigned to me.
Birds of feather flock together.
What is your name?
I want to request for a new debit card
I want to activate the Caller Tunes for 9 months on my number.
Kindly tell us a reason for deactivating your sim.
How much time will it take to update the newly opened (Fixed Deposit ) FD in online system?
I want a demand draft of Rs. 2000 so at which counter i shall go
How much does a demand draft cost?
Caller is only getting bell sound instead of song.
What are the charges for sending SMS?
What is the rank of IBM in Fortune 500?
I am not getting the mobile bill regularly
Hindi is my mother tongue
How do I know my recent deductions
Hindi and Nepalese share the same script -- Devnagari
what is the Activation Keyword for LTE  SIM Activation
Still my new did not get activated ?
When will I get next offer?
customer is not able to make calls
My bill amount is incorrect.
How can I get duplicate bill of my mobile number.
why your database is not updated as I am still getting call for bill payment
When I went there she was sleeping.
In which class does your brother read ?
I want to reset my ATM Pin.
It has been raining since morning.
I want to know about my KYC document for my account.
who are you?
I ma going to abroad, do you have any ISD callertune
What's the weather like?
I was speaking a while ago with Jerry, and he says that my modem is malfunctioning.
I am coming
i want to change my bill plan
what are you doing
I need to know my ATM Pin
Do you have a locker facility in your bank?
Can you tell me the maturity date of all the fixed deposits on my account.
What are the benefits of Watson?
Have a nice day
I am going to market
I want to change my individual plan to corporate?
I sleep late on Saturdays
i belong to this city
Coverage Problem
What is the due date of my bill ?
how are you brother
I love you my family.
My bill date is not correct
We should do help to each other.
what is my bill amount
What is your name?
We should always honest to our work.
I want to activate roaming
Please provide your full signature here.
I am not able to understand under which section I should log my claim.
my phone number is 9883454556
I hope your query got resolved now and we will seek long association with you in future as well
how to activate international roaming on phone.
You can also dial 191 from your Vodafone mobile phone.
can you please deliver sim card at my home address?
what are the charges of international roaming
What is my Fixed deposit balance till date?
Where do you live?
How is your work going
I want to deactivate international roaming.
Hi, how are you
we should never give our debit/credit card details to anyone
Do you have the access?
I want to change my prepaid number to postpaid
your time is up
What was dispute of Doklam issue ?
whom you reporting to?
How may I help you?
I want to inquire about new plans
How far is the bank from here
Who is the newly appointed CMD of the National Mineral Development Corporation (NMDC) of INDIA?
My name is Jeet
what is the temperature outside
I'm frustrated with your service.
I want my money back.
I didn't receive my DD from ABC company, could you please assist me with details?
what is the objective of Indradhanush scheme of Indian Government ?
What are documents needed to open a savings account?
I want to know Airtel billling plans.
I stay in Patel Nagar
Which KYC documents are required for opening a bank account
Can you tell me about good data plans?
Do you have time on Tuesday?
I need some good calling with data plan ?
My name is Watson.
My bill is wrong.
How may I help you?
but still money got deducted from my account.
Your future does not depend on the lines of your hands, because people who do not have hands also have a future
Could you please tell me about latest plan?
I want to change my sim from 3g spectrum to 4g .
(If) there’s life, then there’s the world.
I am facing issues with network
Are there any discounts?
Is it a new or existing ticket?
I want Refund for extra money charged on my last Bill.
Have you completed your project within budget and schedule ?
in laptop need 4 gb ram
Hello Shall I call you now
What is the procedure to port my mobile number
Please provide your mail id
i want to stop the payment of a cheque i have issued?
How to reset my ATM Card pin number?
I want to apply for credit card
I would like to activate the missed call alert as value added services.
I am getting better data plan from other operators for the same bill plan.
Can you provide me better data plan on my current bill plan?
Hello, I have an account with your Bank at your Bhavanipur Branch and I would like to have a locker there.
Please enter your old ATM pin
please suggest me the other way to solve this
My mobile phone screen is broken , where  is your nearest service center  to get it replaced?
How are you doing Watsonn.
I need a payment receipt for my payment.
how to update residential address
Receive OPT on your mobile
network coverage is weak at this place
what is the process for number portability
are you facing any issues with current network
I want to have an itemised bill
what is IFSC code in banking
what is the charge for locker
you may share your feedback on given email address.
Please enter valid mobile number
My Credit Card is lost. I want to block it
What question should i ask
I want to activate DND service on my phone as i am receiving vague calls.
I do not remember my wifi's password
I would like to recharge my mobile number
Please change my current email to this one
please give me your office address
Can you please help me out to change my current address?
Please talk to me in a good way
What is the last day of bill payment?
It was working earlier till last bill cycle
Can I link my FD to my savings account
I have Rs 100
i have 1000 rupees
I am giving a surprise gift to my wife
Your voice quality is not good.
See my video call
I haven't received my mobile bill plans
Its working now. Thank You.
I want to deactivate the message service
what was the eligibility for personal loan?
How may I help you?
please provide your date of birth.
i want to stop services of my dongle on temporary basis.
how to buy a new cell phone?
list of documents required to process a Personal Loan?
Hello I have done a prepaid recharge of Rs 100 on my number. But the recharge is not reflected in my balance. Please tell me what to do.
i want to know the detail of my bill
I want to wash my hands
I passed my examination
how can i withdraw money from a fixed deposit?
what is the difference between a regular fixed deposit and a recurring fixed deposit?
are you educated ?
Keep yourself from bad habits
I have to go home
Assalamo-alaikum
How to find translation of a word?
Can you waive off late payment fee from my current bill
my last month payment is not reflecting in current bill. Please fix the issue.
sir , please allow me to say something.
What should one do if he forgets PIN
Which are the available data Plans?
How much does the mobile number portability cost?
What is the meaning of sales return?
my agents are not able to make or receive any telephone calls
What is the meaning of current account?
I have not received my credit card bill
What is the invoice number?
i want a new cheque book
I want to change my account address
What is the Purchase Order Number?
How  to setup a Standing Instruction?
my handset is hanging a lot
I want a locker
have you taken your food
what is the Maturity date of my fixed deposit?
Do you have locker facility?
HOW TO CREATE PDF DOCUMENT FROM WORD DOCUMENT?
Please make this ATM to work
How does android work.?
i need to check my tariff updation
How to recorded voice on phone.?
HOW TO INTERLINK FILES FROM ONE SIDE TO THE ANOTHER?
What is on the walls of the room you are in?
It focuses on increasing sales revenue
engine that keeps it flowing
Credit Management plays a very important role
What steps should a customer take in case of failed ATM transaction at other bank/white label ATMs, when his / her account is debited?
Could you please share me the current mobile recharge offers
How is the weather today ?
how to change Account password?
Please hold on for a moment.
What was my bill for the last month?
i have to change my pin number
how may I help you?
Is there anything else in which I can assist you?
where are you
What was my bill in the month of last june?
What was my bill in the month of last July?
This is customer service department.
My airtel app is not opening.
May I know who is speaking on Phone
I am not satisfied with the service provided on my current service request.
I want to change my old sim.
What is most important in life health, wealth Or power ?
Tele-banking facility is available in this bank
what was my account balance last year?
How can I check my balance?
what is criteria to give exam of scrum master certification?
Please Select Data / GPRS.
Bank will remain closed on Sunday
I need my this month bill on my email address.
How to restart system
How to do office work with accuracy?
What do you do for living?
How to get a duplicate bill ?
Are you interested?
when did you bye the sim ?
Hello how are you?
Can you please tell me my account balance
Can you confirm me your address?
How can I redeem my credit card points?
How i can activate my family plan ?
I have taken a new SIM but data network in not coming
Recharge was successful, confirmation sent to registered email address.
please give me a call back quickly
I want to activate DND service.
I would like to collect points whenever I use the card.
Could you please tell me the process to update Aadhaar Card details in my bank account?
Network issues takes very very long time to resolve
what will be the charges for this.
Can i add more value added service
I will not pay extra charge
3GB data plan I want to choose because the cost is only Rs. 20 additional on top off Rs. 199
I want to block my debit card
I want to stop the registered biller. How do I do it?
I want to activate international roaming
Can u please explain about home
can i send email for the documents
can you send some to collect documents at home.
I am Swapnali and I have studied engineering
I am working with IBM.
Can these cards be used at any bank ATM in the country?
Can I deactivate my data card for 3 months?
Set standing instruction for my credit card bills
I want to know my handset is compatible with 3g connection ?
Set alerts if balance deduction is more
Please activate sports service on my mobile number
is part-prepayment of a Personal Loan allowed?
Do I need to provide any security or collateral to obtain a personal loan from HDFC Bank?
What will be the battery backup of 3G handset ?
What is 3G?
how much balance should i maintain in my account?
I want to receive my last 3 bills
Start new fixed deposit
where are you going?
I want to reset PIN of my debit card.
What questions can I answer for you today
Thank you for considering AT&T. I can help you find the best Internet package that would fit your needs.
Would you like me to discuss you our U-verse High Speed Internet Pro?
I have facing issue in my new mobile phone.
As long as you're sure 3Mbps is fast enough for four people to all watch HD movies on separate devices.
Alright. Allow me to gather the details for you on that package.
how can i change my pin
how can change the pin of my Debit card?
Just to let you know, our U-verse High Speed Internet Pro would be perfect for your streaming needs.
However, just a heads up, you do have the option to upgrade your service at a later time once higher speeds will be available in your area.
Since we have updated the service, we have retained its name, however, the speed are updated and rest assured that would fit your streaming needs.
How to deactivate flash service?
What are the documents required for new sim connection?
what's the STD call charge
How many Designated Banks can an NRI appoint?
I would like to update my bill plan
My RD matured but amount is not credited in my account
how to generate debit card pin through customer care
I have done all my work.
how to order a demand draft
Is there any charge for transaction from your Banks ATM?
when i have paid my last bill amount
What is the bill amount ?
Account number is not correct on cheque book
analyze and understand my words
Name is not printed correctly on cheque book
as per my understanding
where is the updated record
I am facing issue with voice quality during calls.
can Debit cards be used at any bank ATM in the country
What a wonderful day it is!
How can i open a holiday savings account?
How can I change my billing address?
What is the use of KYC compliant
what is joint account
Delays in the bill is usually caused by delays in our courier services. For a more up dated bill of your account, you can visit our website and log in to your account. This bill is more updated.
Will there be anything else that you need madam?
Can you connect all our family connections now to a family plan?
How to close a bank account
How to start the mobile banking
What is nifty?
May I know my Data Balance ?
I downloaded the application but cannot find it on my handset. What do I do?
Can I use cash to create a NRO FD?
I want to check the CIBIL report. Whom should I contact?
Are there any charges for availing Set Limit service?
How to register a complaint against the vishing call received?
I want to avail the Balance Transfer facility on my credit card. How to place request for Balance Transfer on credit card?
I have posted a complaint/comment, but it doesn’t appear on the website. Why? When my complaint/comment will be posted?
Can you please tell me about data plans
When will my home loan be approved ?
ATM Network Related issues
Please tell me the requirements for SIM new connection
change language and accept language are two different things
What is the time limit for resolution of the complaint pertaining to failed ATM transaction?
I already complained a while back of my issue of online recharges where the transaction keeps failing.
You have to provide me your details
What will be the  best voice plan available for me
Internet speed is dropped down in rainy season
I want to buy a prepaid 4G sim
How interest does charge to convert Credit Card payment into EMI?
keep trying
What does the need to get 3G services mean?
For getting your mobile internet setting just SMS on 121 toll free.
how far is your office from home
which documents are required to open a new saving account
A payment system is any system used to settle financial transactions through the various channels.
pls can you tell me data usage of this month?
Please ensure my monthly bill shouldn't exceed Rs. 400 rupees.
What is NEFT?
What are the benefits of using NEFT?
How many types of cards are available to a customer?
How can I be sure about which Mobile Internet Plan/ Pack is good for me?
Can I pay my SBI Card outstanding using my Reward Points?
Can Reward Points be redeemed towards items to be delivered to others?
Can I book BT on EMI on my SBI Card for my friends' or relatives' credit cards from other banks?
For which all credit cards can I avail BT for?
What are the plans available for BT on EMI?
I have already taken BT for the amount that I was eligible for. Now I want to book another BT, how can I do it?
How can I avail BT on EMI service?
What is the minimum booking amount for Flexipay?
Can I cancel or pre-close my Flexipay request?
What is Flexipay?
Be aware of fraud E-mails.
I live in guru gram.
Can I collect my duplicate bill copy from any of your store?
fill in the form, and deposit the same
the new bank credentials will be delivered at your address
what is cvv number
How can i make payments on my credit card account ?
there are some easy ways to pay your credit card bill
Can the bank apply late fees and interest while my billing dispute is being investigated?
I currently have a billing dispute regarding my credit card. While the dispute was under investigation, the bank reported my account negatively to the credit-reporting agencies. Can it do this?
What is my credit card expenses
balance transfer on EMI is a feature that allows you to transfer the outstanding balance from other credit card to your credit card
How can i check my credit card expenses
How to check recent bill
I want to go home
Hi My name is Neha
She is going
What is your name
I recently moved to a new locality - Sector 53 Noida and there are no signals in that area for my cellphone.
How can I add my number to my family plan?
When my internet pack will expire?
How can I take new sim if i lost my old one
thank you very much watson
Customer Promotion Change
Voice Quality
What's the outgoing call rate
What is the other name of ‘Main Memory’?
How many ounces are there in a cup?
How many weeks are in a year?
How can we make French Toast?
Why I am getting different account balance in my Passbook and my customer portal.
I need one more account in another bank.
It would be responsibility of the customer to notify the branch any change in his/her communication address and contact details to avoid wrong delivery of cheque book.
My bill amount is incorrect
What are the charges for issuing of a Debit Card?
What are the charges for issuing of a Credit Card?
What should customer do on receipt of DEBIT CARD?
Gurgaon is beautiful.
I am very sorry for the inconvenience sir
how can i help you ??
I want to  deactivate DND service.
Sure, but my supervisor would assist you with the same solution, as I could, so I suggest, if you could please explain your inconvenience to me.
Send me my bill details on my e-mail
Please block my number
I have completed my month end task
There is problem in my network.
i want to file a complaint
lion is the king of the jungle
India has the 2nd largest population in the world
delhi is the capital of india
can this be done over phone itself or do i have to physically come over to your store?
What is RCA Billing Report?
I will upload all the required documents in the link provided by you.
What is my billing amount
What is the outstanding bill amount
think before you speak
Interest will be paid for the period the deposit has remained with the bank. The interest rate prevailing on date of re-investment of term deposit will be applicable for the new term deposit.
I would like to know the bill amount for last month
do i need to get my SIM change
Sherlock Holmes is a virtual character but the Baker street, where he lived, is in truth.
How many days prior to the due date are bills processed through Standing Instruction on Debit Card?
To reach a Customer Support agent, press 2.
Is there any minimum and maximum cash withdrawal limit per day?
Do banks levy any service charge for use of other bank ATMs?
Is the monitor included with your computers?
I’m afraid you will have to have a special account for that.
How much my data balance
can you please tell me data tariff
I am not going to tolerate this
send a duplicate bill of my electricity connection
what was the procedure to follow for crediting money
i am happy
can you speak little louder ?
there are various promotional scheme for shopping
Can I use my gift card with credit card offer
Send me recharge offer
I want to recharge my phone.
How to dispute your bill?
India is doing good in politics
can i speak to Mr Watson ?
My internet is not working in my phone.
I would like to pay my bill amount
what are the required documents to open an account in your bank?
Is it temporary or permanent stop ?
You should follow instructions carefully
I want to know about process to change postpaid to prepaid
I want to watch a movie
Where is my Debit Card?
Please provide me the information about roaming plan
i want to reactivate my plan
However, the bill that you received was generated a week before you made the payment.
India is second larges population country in world
what is the procedure to deactivate message services?
i would like to cancel my cheque number 100
how can i update billing address
What is your name?
The amount on my previous bill was much less
how can i change my currency?
what is my user ID`
I want to change my desk
What is the status of my request?
i want to change my tariff plan
Everyday he saw incidents
I would to port my SIM in other network. Please advise?
I want to change my address
what should you do when your friend locked in lift
network services are down in my area.
WHY ARE YOU MAKING SO MUCH OF NOISE
Can I update my new billing address online?
8) To change Bill Plan?
My name is Santosh
Do you have data card ?
What documents should be submitted for MNP processing
What is the Data Card bill amount ?
video call is not good on 4G as well
How to get Aadhaar Card linked to your phone number ?
I am angry
how to deactivate current SIM?
Is it possible to convert the loan plan when the interest rates are changing
Please activate roaming facility on my number
What is my credit card's credit limit?
What is interest rate on fixed deposits?
Sir, As I can see Call waiting is already activated on your number. Can you please check in your phone that the settings are correct ?
customer care agent : ok sir, you need to submit your new address proof
I do not get proper network in my area
How do I access my account?
How do I change my address?
Will get an option to share the feedback once the conversation is completed ?
i am an ibmer.
I want to transfer my account to another branch.
customer : how can i confirm my address has been changed ?
What is international roaming?
Where is my welcome kit ?
I need to know the special tariff plans.
I want to know new offers available with my number
When does the train arrive?
What are the problems you are facing?
How can I change my billing address?
What are the latest Unlimited call plans?
Can you tell me about my current bill plan?
May i know with whom am i talking to.
Can you please guide me for home loan.
Maturity Value of fixed deposit
Can you please tell me the bill amount for last month ?
Thankyou sir.
what is your name
how may I help you
my mother tong is not Hindi
Dog is the best friend of human being
How to contact customer support
Where is my ATM PIN?
Can you please provide the service center address and timings to repair my cell phone?
i want to know my Bill Delivery Status
I Appreciate your efforts.
What is the procedure to change the account
I want to get converted my credit card expenditure into easy EMI option.
I would like to discontinue the broadband service. What do I need to do?
Ok ,  is there any hidden charges?
I want six month statement of my bank account
Where can I find an ATM for my bank?
I do not want to receive paper bills. What should I do?
Why am I not able to dispense cash more than 10,000 INR, at once from ATM?
We are frequently facing issue of insufficient cash at this particular location ATM. Please help.
What is the maximum limit for withdrawing cash in a day, from an ATM?
Kindly let me know, best telecom family plan offered by your company and its exclusive benefits.
Current account
What should I do if my Debit Card is not working?
what is the amount of my mobile bill.
what is the due date of my mobile bill
Your number is due for recharge as it has low balance.
Please update my communication address.
What is my permanent address?
The query is not resolved yet due to technical issues at our end.
Have you ever been on a team where someone was not pulling their own weight? How did you handle it?
Tell me about a time where you had to deal with conflict on the job
If you were at a business lunch and you ordered a rare steak and they brought it to you well done, what would you do?
How would you describe your work style?
No I don’t have.
There is no right or wrong answer, but if you could be anywhere in the world right now, where would you be?
Yes please, that would be helpful.
The bank closed my checking account and did not notify me. Is this legal?
What are your lifelong dreams?
How to apply for the Home loan?
Which has the longest wave length?
The bank required two forms of picture I.D. Can it do that?
A number of images of a candle flame are seen in thick mirror which image will be brightest?
The Platinum flyer card has no annual fee and you receive two frequent flyer miles with Jet airways for every rupee you spend.
Ok. Here’s the application form. Please fill in your personal details, occupation, job position, gross annual income and how many years you have been in your current position.
How will i get my approved loan amount?
I am unable to update billing address by myself
I want to know my bill plan.
I want to get an education loan
how is your temperature now?
I want to get a check
I want to change my data plan from 3G to 2G. How can i do it through your website or android app ?
I have not received by cheque book even after a month,What should I do?
what is my current balance
what is the population of India?
How can I change my address for receiving my postpaid bill hard copy
I am calling to report a failed ATM transaction a while ago
in the name of XYZ college,bank will ask you to pay say Rs.200 as exchange.
send and receive data, or access other services, including home data services,
I didn't received ATM Pin for Debit Card
How to apply for Debit Card
How to apply online for debit card
Sorry, I am facing some technical issue.
Why a strong password is required ?
My address is changed
Hello How are you
I am paying by credit/debit card. Will I be charged a fee?
Your bill amount has been updated.
My cheque book is not received yet.
I want update my date of birth in my loan account.
What is the due amount of recurring deposit account ending with 5946 ?
What is my credit card bill for last month ?
Mail me how much I spend from beginning to 4th January,2017 on my current account ending with 3246.
Scheduled my recurring accountl for auto payment on 2nd day of every month with upper limit of rupees 2000.
Cancel my schedule payment of  dth bill on 2nd day of month.
My customer id is 6330067 for my credit card
My debit card not delivered yet.
Stop payment of my cheque payment.
What is my cheque status ?
I want block my debit card.
How bank rate decrease will effect my recurring deposit interest rate  ?
How bank rate decrease will effect my loan interest rate  ?
My present status is NRI. What extra documents are required for opening a Sole Proprietorship Current Account?
What are the documents required for opening a Current Account of Limited Liability Partnership?
Who can be a partner in a partnership firm?
Do I need to pay if I avail the Email statement facility?
How fast will I receive the funds in my account in case money is not dispensed from another bank’s ATM, after I have used it?
I want to receive my last 3 bills
What happens to customer's prepaid balance when customer moves to postpaid via national MNP?
How are family plans done in the new system?
Sir, I guess that's why you can turn on your computer
Now try to push the power button in the system unit CPU
How is an Indian call centre executive's work rated?
Don't worry, we are gonna be alerted right away by our System, if there are any invalid pin attempts on your card. For security purposes, let me just verify your account first, ok?
I'm sorry, that wasn't me. But, since that song became very popular, my friends are now calling me PSY.
Now you don't need to pay back the entire amount upfront when you make big Credit Card purchases. Just enjoy the convenience of paying back in easy EMI.
Hi I want to know the bill generation date
Let's me see
Sometimes, the voice quality becomes bad due to the network.
Thanks for giving all this information. Have a nice day.
My current address is not correct.
My bank account is not showing the correct balance
7. What is the due date for my credit card bill?
9. what is the last date of my loan installment?
Where did you get that number from, sir?
I will get appreciation for my efforts now.
how to change the Billing address?
Network is down
i want to activate international roaming facility
How to activate the Sim?
I lost my phone , would like to deactivate the services immediately
i did not opt for this services , but i keep getting the bill
How much GB of data available in my bill plan
How much loan payment is left for me?
I need to check my bill amount
Maintain a record of your payments
What is your new address?
What is my current savings account balance
Hello how are you?
Can i transfer your call to technical advisor?
I have a payment related issue, what should I do?
I am not getting good voice quality.
i want to port my number
unlimited local, STD, national roaming voice calls & SMS and access to Jio Premium apps for 56 days.
How can I explore new Plans & Offers?
I want to update my bank account details
The Safe Custody feature allows you to protect mobile connection from deactivation due to non-usage.
Payment is done successfully but confirmation is not received.
I want to change my bill plan
My password is not working
Who can i change my current service provider?
Please upgrade my plan from 3g to 4g
How do I recharge a prepaid number?
How do I check the latest offers?
I want to change my bill plan
what are the plan details?
I want to update my email address.
I want to activate caller tune on my phone
You can login to the Self-Care section on the Idea website and get information about your account and make changes online as per your requirement.
My mobile number is xxxx
What is the last date to pay my bill?
we are unable to reach this servers, please try again later.
i don't have proper network in manikonda area
I want to change my data card plan.
Thank you for your patience
Data Billing related
My bill amount is incorrect
I want to Install few Android Application in My Mobile
I want to activate family plan on my mobile number
Set standing instruction for my electricity bill from my account ending with 8634
Please confirm the tariff changes to my connection.
I want to know my handset is compatible with 4g connection ?
My name is Subbu
Can I recharge my Pre-paid account after the expiry of the grace period?
What is the Call Wait/Call Hold feature?
How can I activate the Call Wait/Call Hold feature on my handset?
how to check the balance in bank account
What is the procedure to apply for a Citibank credit card online?
What is the eMGM referral program?
What is the available balance on my credit card and how do I check the same?
How can I track the status of the dispatched card?
Where can I download the Card member Declaration Form?
How do I redeem my reward points for gifts from the Rewards catalogue / vouchers?
How do I redeem my reward points while shopping online?
What is the procedure to delete/de-register a Payee/Biller?
Please can you mail me standing instruction for every transaction from my debit card?
How to open a Demat account
What is the best thing you provide to me as a customer
is it possible to convert my last purchase from credit card in monthly emi
We are our boss!
I am not getting proper network?
Can i know my credit limit ?
i want to change my bill plan
How is the process to get Company Plan?
Thanks for supporting me in such a small time
How to pay my bill using internet
i am going to delhi
I am not getting promotional offers.
Q. Do you have any question to establish my identification before I discuss my concern?
What all documents are required for new connection.
What is the name of the government institution in Udaipur ?
does the identity and access management gives me the privilege access
You can check new plans/data plan on USSD as well. Just Dial *123# to know the "my best offer"
Please update my Mobile No. in your records
If I need any further Account related information, how do I get such details?
What is the minimum account balance required to be maintained monthly in the Bank Savings Account?
You can also send us an email on the circle specific email ID based on your location.
What are the best offers for me in this month?
I seems to have trouble in opening up my computer.
My message service is not working.
I want to port to IDEA network
I want to know the procedure to Recharge
could I put your call on hold ?
i dont have proper network in vittalwadi
i dont have proper network in koti area
i dont have proper network in kachiguda area
what is balance data
i want to change my bill plan
i don't have proper network in malakpet area
Do you know how to operate computer ?
I'm a student at Punjab University
What is the interest rate on a home loan in your bank
My account number is 123456789
Customer: Well, before I give you my account information, I just wanna let you know that I'm really pissed.
I can't access my account for almost a week now.
I'm sorry, I'm having a hard time hearing, can you please, repeat yourself?
Sure, I was just asking you, if we can call you at the same number you gave me, or if you have a better call back number?
I'm now processing the request to freeze your account.
My ATM card seems to be blocked.
What are the settings to be made for connecting WiFi.
i want to get my hair cut.
Please pace a request for new cheque book
How can I reduce my current rate of interest on my home loan
how can i help you
your information is not available with us. Please share the required information.
How to enable international call facilities in my number?
I have not used my number for any calls , still the bill is so high.
Can you speak English?
is there any other way to save money apart from deposit money to bank
what are your requirements ?
You will get all the the information via emails.
Can you do chat with me related to this issue?
Please activate the DND plan on my number.
May I help you?
2. I need more data in my plan?
What do you think about this book?
What shall we do this evening?
I sending you a contact list.
I am not able to connect to my internet.
Delhi is the capitol of India
your payment is pending
Can you let me know what my current bill plan is?
all the best for the future
I want a statement of my recent transaction record
I want to speak to customer representative.
I want new plan where i can pay my mobile and Internet bill together
I am connecting  your call to customer representative, kindly hold the line
I'm very busy.
i am looking for a better data plan
Could you Please change my Bill Plan?
I am in office
Is the support available 24"*7 in this domain?
To deactivate call divert/call forward facility,Dial ##21# Press OK button (or) Dial ##002# Press OK button.
What is call divert/call forward feature?
Is SMS free on my mobile number
How much do I have to pay annually to maintain a locker?
Please change my ATM card PIN
What are the benefits of 4 G Sim Card?
Is 4 G Sim Card compatible on my Mobile Handset?
What is the meaning of Liabilities?
How to activate your Internet banking after receiving your password & T-pin?
By when I have to pay my bill
I want to update my email address
I want to open current account
I want a cheque book
I want to know how to change password of my online account
i will be glad to help you.
What is my Credit card bill for last 3 months?
I want to transfer the ownership of the account
Send me my credit card statement from April 2016
Could you please help me to port my mobile number from current network to the other.
Please give me duplicate bill of my data card for month of July
As per your request, I would be transferring you to my Supervisor who will assist you further
Please provide us the following details Transaction ID ,Transaction Amount, Your Registered Email Address, Phone Number
A person or a legal establishment practicing / promoting commercial communications is Telemarketer.
Fully Blocked and Partially Blocked
what is the name of my city
i want to check my payment inquiry
i want to check my home loan detail
What is my bill amount ?
Since how long are you working?
what is your favorite color?
what is the distance between delhi and manali
Hi, I want to reset my ATM PIN. Can you please help me by guiding how to reset it?
How may I help you Sir?
What is interest rate on saving account?
what are the current rate of interest on opening new FD?
I'm an Account Owner on a Family SharePlan and need to assign this role to a different wireless number on my account. How do I do this?
4G speed of my postpaid mobile is very less
Loan is a thing that is borrowed, especially a sum of money that is expected to be paid back with interest.
how to block any ATM
what is my loan account number?
What is the maturity date of loan account ending with 2316 ?
What is the balance of fixed deposit account ending with 5946 ?
What is the maturity amount of recurring deposit account ending with 5946 ?
What is my personal loan account ending with 6758 balance ?
Send me mail of aprill month of my account statement ending with 8976 ?
Send me mail of April month of my account statement ending with 8976 ?
Send 10 thousands ruppes to my registered payee Riju.
Scheduled my datacard bill for auto payment for every month with upper limit of rupees 2000.
Thank you for calling. How can I help you?
Do I have ISD in my plan?
Data usage for your plan
My phone is not working
How to find the IFSC code of the beneficiary branch?
What is your name?
She is studying.
My name is Rajesh Kumar.
what is the benefit of making the loan re-payment in advance?
can I apply for additional credit card ?
Ok, Thanks a lot. Hava a nice day!
How many time I can withdraw cash from different bank ATM
We are facing connectivity issues?
Is there anything i can do for you..?
Today weather is awesome.
How much has interest been given on saving account?
I need to have an opened account for fixed deposit.
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Alka, How may I assist you?
I want to change my caller tune.
I want to reset my netbanking password
I hate you.
i want to know special offers
which is your nearest service center please tell me
Thank for calling Watson
My name is Vikram Bajaj.
What is my phone no.
I want to get my bank statement for last month
How can I close my savings account?
why i got a penalty even after paying the bill amount on the correct date for last month
I want information about mobile number portability
I have to open a account in your bank ?
What will be there in welcome kit?
What will be the charges for a new cheque book?
my ATM pin is showing as invalid
What is my data Balance?
my mind is not working at the moment
I want to port my mobile number from airtel to vodafone.
I haven't received my cheque book,please can you check my ticket status and let me know by when can I get this?
I will learn new work today
I belong to Kanpur
she has beautiful eyes
His father, Ramesh Tendulkar, was a well-known Marathi novelist and his mother, Rajni, worked in the insurance industry
Check your download & upload speed on speedtest.net
I love to cook different dishes
What do you want?
I want to port my services to other operator
Can you show my Bill Plan ?
What happens to customer's prepaid balance when customer moves to postpaid via national MNP?
How do I get my PUK number?
Can you update 4g network on my phone
There is no network in my office
Kindly tell your full address
The account number provided by you is incorrect
How can I move away from scheduling on spreadsheets
i love to eat rajmah
What is TDP for domino
How do I delete my billers?
I need to get my address changed
i have already paid my telephone bill
please enter your 16 digit credit card number
do you have any identification proof?
ll done. You should hear from someone within the next 48 hours to let you know whether your card has been approved.
why are you so late today
I have lost my sim card
please change my caller tunes
how to check my account status
how to update email id
I have a bank account but I don’t use it – can I start using it again?
How do I set up my account to make managing my money easier?
I like cucumber and curd mix
How do I open an account in the bank
When does my bill cycle end?
How can i change my plan?
where is the cabin of bank manager?
How can I activate 4G services?
How can I deactivate 4G services?
What is the data balance available for me now ?
I wish to open a account in your bank.
I am not getting good voice quality from last week.
He often asked questions which were strange and witty
Why my phone balance amount is less. Can you please check?
Once he asked a very strange question
my car broke down
please send my account statement .
How much is it going to cost me?
Yesterday he saw a boy helping an old man
I want a new laptop
what is my sim number
Can I get my bill amount reduce?
I want to update my mobile number to 8829988789, please let me know the procedure.
I want to generate ATM pin for debit card. Please tell me the procedure.
How to check the balance on my phone?
What is my billing address?
Please, tell me
What is the status of my Refund?
Can you advise me my billing date ?
How to pay bill
How can I be sure about which Mobile Internet Plan/Pack is good for me?
What do you know about this industry?
When I used my debit card, cash was taken back by the machine.
What assignment was too difficult for you, and how did you resolve the issue?
What is the limit of my credit card?
If selected for this position, can you describe your strategy for the first 90 days?
What techniques and tools do you use to keep yourself organized?
Ok, thank you. I’d like that.
Ok. I will need you to please fill out an application form. Do you know which of our credit cards you would like to apply for?
How would you feel about working for someone who knows less than you?
If you could choose one superhero power, what would it be and why?
Tell me about your proudest achievement
How can I get a refund of overpayment on my credit card / personal line of credit / home equity line of credit account?
What are you most proud of?
What do you like to do?
What do you ultimately want to become?
For how long i can avail the home loan?
Why is yeast is used in bakery in the preparation of bread?
Sex determination of child is done by whose chromosome?
Whose experiments proved that the speed of light was always the same?
How to get a credit card from  bank?
What was my last payment?
what is my next billing date
I want my bill statement to be linked to some other email ID
Is MNP possible in interstate?
Where will i get withdrawal form?
i want to do refund
What is the last payment date on my loan
What is the last payment date on my loan
could you please tell me my account balance?
I will come your home tomorrow?
Might is right.
I am the best
You're welcome.
I want a locker
Whom do I contact for other ICICI Bank Credit Card queries?
What are the minimum ICICI Bank Rewards / Hand Picked Rewards I need to start redeeming?
Do ICICI Bank Rewards expire?
I want to activate DND service in my postpaid number.
I have not received the welcome gift and I have received an SMS/email stating that my welcome gift is not delivered and returned to ICICI Bank. Whom to approach to resend the welcome gift?
Can I pay my credit card bill through an ATM?
What are the conditions of Auto Debit?
If one has a good disposition, what other virtue is needed? If a man has fame, what is the value of other ornamentation?
What is the last payment date on my EMI
i have not received the refund for my canceled order
how fast you can run ?
What is the procedure to change the address for sending the monthly bill?
I want to activate my sim
I want to change my billing address
how to open the demate account
What can I do,my phone bills are too high?
I want details on the deduction of amount 500 from my savings account.
What are the details of my account?
what is your name
i like dhoni
How can I change the SIM / What do I do if I have lost the SIM?
I think I am learning well on the new language
the internet is not working now
on which date is my bill generated ? what is the billing cycle dates
I receive so many fake calls, How I can activate DND plan?
What is the status of my recharge ?
Please transfer my PPF account to my area branch
How to insert sim in mobile?
do you provide loan against gold ornaments
what are the charges for extra cheque books in a quarter?
I'm having problem with my internet plan.
I need thousand rupees notes only.
I want to know the interest amount credited for the last financial year
Is there anything else, big or small, that I can help you with today?
Please understand problem caused to me
My bill has some due charges included for the last month which I have already paid
difference between 2G/3G/4G
best data packs
Currently these are the following fixed deposits running against your account.
The amount including interest on your current fixed deposit will be credited in your account on maturity.
How can I port my number to other  vendor
what is my credit limit
How can I update my adhar number for my bank account
I need thousand rupees notes only.
I want to know the details of my credit card bills
Where is my nearest bank branch?
You can check your balance, pay your bills, request for cheque book, or transfer money to another bank.
No, I have already had discussion on my issue at your level several time, now I need your Supervisor to look into the issue for the resolution.
Have a nice day
have a pleasant evening
happy anniversary
Thank you for the information.
The pot is calling the kettle black
We have best plans for you.
Speak/Think of the devil and the devil is here
I am planning to change my billing address.
Please let me know the norms for changing the billing address
i want  temporary Suspension of my data
where you work
Never say die
My address has changed.
What are instant approval credit cards?
this is typically categorized into the following nine sub-processes:
What is the last payment date on my loan
Cancel my scheduled payment
Hello how are you?
Where is my welcome kit ?
I want to pay my phone bill
This is my friend
my data card balance is very low
could you please renew my Roaming Pack.
Please help me with my Account Balance
I want to install MaaS360 on my android
I want to raise a request to submit my work station
What sort of trouble?
I don’t know.
i want to activate 3G service on my phone.
I want to know details of services for postpaid customers.
I am not getting the latest alerts for recharges.
I love to play table tennis.
welcome to India
today is sunday
For how long can the Pre-paid card be used?
Can I recharge my Pre-paid account after the expiry of the grace period?
what is my age
what is my bill
Do I need to submit my document for this?
I am getting lot of unwanted call and messages. How can I prevent it
I am facing the network problem in my phone at home (Plot-149 Flat-203 GK -1 GZB).
I am getting better offer at other vendors.
How do I get my PUK number?
We cannot change your address without any proof.
Nature is so beautiful
Last month i repay all my car loan installment. Can you please tell me by when I will gate the loan completion letter.
I really appreciate the help.
I want the complete bill detail
In case of locker remains unoperated for more than one year,the branch has the right to cancel the allotment of the locker.
Please tell the coverage period for my Home Loan Insurance ?
I want to learn analysis tools
how can I transfer my data to my friend ?
This is Watson
Which activities I should perform  in order to build up my brain?
What is my strength ?
How can I report an issue being faced with network?
What are the details of my loan account
Flash Deactivation
how to change my hellotune?
Alisha is mad girl.
What is my bill amount?
I want to change my billing address.
what is the rate of interest for personal loan.
What is your weekend plan?
I am tired of this job
It is ****.
Please verify my mobile bill plan
Thank-you for letting us know.
What is my account number.
is there any new recharge offers ?
I want to do business with you, how can I start?
Work is commenced only after the receipt of payment in advance. We have the right to terminate, suspend, or put work on-hold in case of payment delays.
Though our call center agents are billed on timely basis, they can't multitask or provide supplementary services in free time as it will make them disoriented and affect the quality of our solutions.
I like driving
I want a cheque book
I want to pay my phone bill
I want to update my new home address
please tell me the terrif plans for 2g and 3g networks
With 3g we get high speed for communication
I would like to update my sim.
Please wait.
I am going to play cricket.
I am not able to create account
which mobile hand set are you using
This plan is good only for your base location.
Thank you for sharing the DND Activated
please suggest some new data plans
Can you please send me the statement of my account of last six months?
I am planning to go home during Diwali holidays
Do i get bonus points on debit card transactions
I am not able to reset my ATM pin online.
i want to know status of my bill
I need electricity's new connection
Please have a look and try to resolve the issue.
As per your suggestion I am trying after 10 minute but still its not working.
The site is throwing system error during payment processing
Can you activate my new mobile service?
Can I get my bill plan changed
Can you tell me my bill amount?
i can't hear you
Yesterday was not good
what is the last payment date on my loan
Please provide this help on high priority.
My phone is showing no network.
what is my bill amount
I want to know about my bill plan.
Is there any fee if I open current account in your bank?
Please update my alternate contact number in my bill.
have a nice day.
I want a cheque book
Do you have any specific offers for Senior citizen?
What are the details of my loan account
i did not got message
i want to learn french.
I am not getting optimum internet speed for my dongle.
I would like to merge my account with my husbands but I don't know my pin
your calling services has been stopped.
Internet speed is not good
some People are lucky, who does not have to earn bread.
I want to port my number
I have already paid my mobile bill but still i am getting reminders.
I want a new mobile connection.
you want to reset your ATM pin
What is my bill Amount
I want to see
May i know your complete address
I want to remove my number from baring.
I want a new number from the same service provider.
What is the maximum data plan I can subscribe for?
I used to come late to office
i want a new data pack in my existing plan
I love driving my car.
My laptop is not booting up.
I made an excess payment to my credit card by mistake. How can I get it back?
Will I be asked for my Credit Card PIN at every POS terminal, be it domestic or international?
What is a self-set limit on my credit card?
Taj Mahal is in Agra and it is one of the seven wonders of the world.
One
As per our company policies, we cannot process this request from here.
I would request you to visit the nearest store with all the specified papers, and get this concern resolved.
Maturity date of fixed deposit
I want to know about my loan balance.
my call usage is more than the current limit
can you tell me when will internet services start working again
how to change my billing address
what is my data balance
I want to disconnect my broadband services.
I am not getting the discounts in my bill.
My broadband is not working?
What happens if calls to my number do not go through after a successful port?
My landline have disturbance since last week.
Really. You have to transfer me? I’ve been on hold for the last 30 minutes. I followed all of your prompts to talk to you and now you’re telling me that you won’t help me?
How long will it take to port to a new Operator?
How will I start porting process?
Do you have any previous bill with you madam?
It’s a 9 digit code.
how can i turn on 4G on my handset?
I want to deactivate my account.
I need duplicate bill statement for previous month.
How can I generate or change the 3D Secure PIN for my credit card?
Thank you for calling ABC Company.
What are the risks while investing in Mutual Funds?
This is great
How do I repay the loan?
Please find below  highlighted line and provide me the clarification.
Hello Watson how are you.
my email address has changed.
my bill amount vale is 500 Rs.
I am not happy with your services
what are you doing
my data balance 2 GB
I want to know my current bill plan
Firstly, what credit limit would you like to apply for?
Would you like to receive an email update?
I understand your frustration, and I will do my best to help you.
Hello, My name is tony.
Please share monthly batch job sheet.
I live in Gurgaon.
The bank will do a credit check and access your credit report to see if you are eligible for the card.
Could you please tick the box stating that you know and accept this? Thank you.
Here's the form and here's my driver's license.
I want to change my internet plan
what is the reason for not activating the roaming facility in my mobile.
Today is a very hot day.
How much should i pay more for roaming activation
Your customer pin number
I don't remember, I hardly ever use it
The only option I have is to change your address status to homeless, I must warn you that it may impact your credit rating in a negative way
Please call your senior on call.
How can I activate 3g services ?
What is the process to return my insurance policy  ?
Bill charges are not correct
What is the procedure to get the home insurance online ?
I have taken home insurance from bank, but did not receive any policy details and hard copy of the same, can you advise me to escalate it ?
My Name is Falgun
I want to suspend my connection
I NEED TO ACTIVATE STD FACILITY
Can you confirm the Cheque bouncing charges for my Home Loan Account ?
This feature (CLIP) enables to view the number of the caller on phone
How much am I charged
you will be not charge to replace the sim
How many days would the bank require to re-credit the account for such wrong debits?
I want to know process to know process to open Fixed deposite.
Why are additional services billed to me when i have discontinued them few months back
Now convert your transaction into EMI at just Rs. 1.5% p.m. at monthly reducing balance.
What should one do if he forgets PIN or the card is stuck in the ATM?
EMI cancellation request should be given at least 1 working day before the due date.
Is there any minimum and maximum cash withdrawal limit per day?
how to open a bank account
Please transfer my call to the executive
Hi, I want to link my saving account to my De Mat account. Whom do I need to contact for this
I want to change my billing address
May i know your name and mobile number?
India got his independence on 14 august 1947
I want to apply for a new debit card.
Travelling allowance will be reimbursed soon
what  are new plans available for my number
I like the way you talk.
It's very easy to talk in Hindi.
Where am i ?
Mobile Data
do you know that?
Have questions?
I want duplicate bill of the last month.
Do you think that aliens exist?
What’s the funniest joke you know by heart?
Keep the input relevant to the Call center domain
This metric basically say about how responsive the team is or how fast they can deliver something when priorities change.
Is there any Special offers on data plans?
How many days will take to close my Number
I have lost my sim and hence want to get it deactivated.
Where can I get the duplicate bill for the month of January 2017?
How do I activate my SIM card?
When will my sim get activated?
What document details do I have to provide in order to get the sim card activated?
I work as businessman
The maximum coverage problem is a classical question in computer science
How can you collect feedback from your customers?
How can I get my billing address changed
What document proofs are to be provided for getting new connection?
I didn't received cheque book.
What sort of modem and speed is required to get best quality for connecting 10 devices?
Why is my internet connection getting snapped often?
I have lost my debit card. How to get a new one?
Why only some laptops/mobiles are able to connect but not all ?
Thanks a lot for the help
Can u please change my address here
Can TDS influence the maturity of my Fixed Deposit?
My recharge is completed
Wi fi speed is very good as per their services
Need to organise an events for party promotion
I have not received airtel mobile bill message
Is it possible to get new sim card
I want to request for receipt of cheque book
I just want to transfer my money to another accounts
Family Plan Creation
Port Out Status
Can you please send me details of last 5 recharges?
Once the demand draft is ordered, how long will it take for the beneficiary to receive it ?
How do I get a bill?
How to order Demand Drafts in Foreign Currency?
Please reopen my previous request.
Check my status of last recharge of data card
Informed is better than deformed.
How do I check my existing plan charges?
How do I get a bill on email?
I am not able to see  my Network
hello need to change my bill plan
My account balance deducted without any reason
My 3g balance deducted without any reason
Whatâ€™s your favorite kind of sandwich?
Who is the kindest person you know?
What are your shift timings.
What are the subscription charges?
What happens if I pay more than the total amount due on my credit card?
What if I cross credit limit on my credit card?
What is GPRS?
Do I need Video-Conferencing specific hardware?
What are the various charges for reconnection/shifting/and other additional facility.
What are the advantages of Tele-education service?
Shall I get a separate bill for tele-education service?
When will I receive my Cheque book? I still have not received.
Updating address in bank
what is 4 g
if i want to transfer my money to another account how many days it will take
what are the charges for locker facility ?
I want to stop payment of my cheque.
Please link my adhar card to my bank account.
What is your name?
There is a problem in the network
I want to activate roaming service
I want to know the validity of my balance due
i want to change my personal details.
how much need to pay?
What is the benefit of early loan closure?
I want to buy a data pack
my bill is wrong
Thanks you
What is my bill amount?
I want to change my Rate Plan
Please select from given options.
Payment Card Solution
Please close my account.
time and day wasted in following up with you guys
who will help me in coverage problem?
i will change your address after checking your identificaion
Please share your customer details
what is Data Billing?
how to deactivate data services
what is Balance Deduction?
To improve customer service what will be your approach?
Checking Account Balance [MULTIPLE ACCOUNT]
what is the amount of my refund
Where is my welcome kit ?
how to check status of mobile
what is the maturity date of my loan
what is Data Tariff?
how to make payment
recharge is not a rocket science
how to deactivate promotional scheme
what is Customer Details?
what is Bill On Mail?
i am able to browse
what documents required for new connection
how to activate alearts
how to activate GPRS
how to check status of GPRS
what is Deactivation of Message Services?
what is Reactivation?
what is Restore exempt service?
what is Roaming Pack Activation?
How do I submit a credit card dispute?
My credit card bill is incorrect
how can we transfer money from one bank account to other account?
I have much work to do today.
I want to improve myself
why need of watson
I cannot help you in this regard.
Where you all are heading towards?
What is the status of my ticket?
9.How do i choose my call plan?
What is my bill amount
May i know which network you are using currently for talking and internet using?
12.I did not receive the registration SMS?
what is the temperature today
How much outstanding amount left with my this number
How can i upgrade my debit card
I did not put in money in my PPF account for many years, is it still active or dormant?
Do you have any other Query
I want to talk to sales lead person as I have some query.
I want to know the validity of my prepaid balance
i want to know about any promotional offer for roaming
how DND works ?
I need to update Aadhar in my saving account. Can you please help ?
I cannot make calls. Why?
What is my utilization percentage ?
my card has gone to ATM
I want to check my account balance, could you please help me?
Do you like watching movies?
Please provide your honest feedback on the service.
Can you block my account as I lost my card
can you tell me how much time will it take for activation of service?
There is an error in my postpaid bill amount.
how much internet data is consumed for the last month?
how can i activate an internet pack?
you will be able to make calls in few minutes.
how you have a great day.
Team, lets go to party today
i am really busy today
What is the remaining data balance i have for this month?
i want to activate my netbanking.
Thank you for all your help.
What is my bill amount
What is the maturity date of my fixed deposit?
Could you please help to reset my mobile ?
Can I withdraw a higher amount for the purpose of my ward's wedding?
When do my PAYBACK points expire?
Are there any interest charges on my credit card ?
What is the credit period for credit card?
You are more eligible than me
What if I cross credit limit on my credit card?
What is the periodicity of bill ?
How will be the lounge visit charges be billed to me?
Can I make a payment more than the Total Amount Due as shown in the statement?
What is the 'Priority Pass' facility?
Whatâ€™s your favorite childhood book?
Whatâ€™s a great book youâ€™ve read recently?
If you could be an Olympic athlete, in what sport would you compete?
If you had to live in a different state, what would it be?
If you could choose your own nickname, what would it be?
How can I block my Credit Card?
What will be the levied ATM charges?
What is Mobile Phone Backup?
How do I download and install the Mobile Phone Backup application on my GPRS phone?
I want to change my data plan for this number
Why i am getting system errors?
What is the last date to submit the bill ?
Monthly rental plans include what all things ?
I want to deactivate message service on my number 9876543210
I have an bank account
I like cleaning
i dont have proper network in narayanguda
i dont have proper network in hitech-city
i dont have proper network in king koti area
i dont have proper network in madhapur area
I need to withdraw some money.
What different plans do you have?
Please update name in the bill
I want to request for 3G PAYG.
Can I collect my duplicate bill copy from any Vodafone Store?
Sorry for the inconvenience
Can I show my parking pass on my phone?
how can I check my account details
How do I know what an institution's score requirements are?
In how many days this sim will get activated.
what is your date of birth ?
What sort of trouble?
I want to know my KYC document I have submitted for my account
I have changed my plan but still I am getting same bill amount
What are my five previous transactions?
I did a transaction but amount is not reflected in ac or bill
I want register a complaint for network issue in my location
I want to check my balance please let me know the procedure
I want to set caller tune for my mobile number
I have lost my sim, so i want to replace the sim
Can you tell me what plans offer unlimited usage of internet data?
You want to inquire re about a housing loan
am i audible?
my last months bill is having miscellaneous expenses
What is your name?
I want my account statement
i belong to Jammu
Can I repay my loan ahead of schedule?
Do you currently have any open ticket?
Send me my credit card statement from [April/last financial year]?
How is internet banking beneficial ?
Sun is the biggest star
whats my ticket number for the query that i have raised
IBM deals with finance under CPS
Olympics is a world level class
coin has 2 sides
i want to lock my debit card.
want to know the nearest hotels
my passbook is lost
Please answer my question.
How to deactivate my SIM connection?
How i can apply for the home loan?
kaisanwa ho
tell me some better data plans
My records are showing that you have a different surname
Can I speak to a supervisor?
i want to know the process of changing the billing address
Coverage Problem
Please wait until we retrieve your details
Coal sent to North Korea
you need to practice for written examination and interview questions as well.
I want to deactivate the messaging services .
What’s your marital status?
Have you got any children?
How are you?
Yes, you can disconnect the call!
we can not help you out with any information.
My balance has been deducted by 100 rs last night.
I want 4G sim
What is the best plan for call and internet?
3. What are the data plan options available in market ?
Can you recheck my bill amount?
In imperial China (excluding periods of the Tang dynasty), women were bound to homemaking by the doctrines of Confucianism and cultural norms.
How to change the ATM pin
Could you please suggest me the better voice  plan
For verification purposes mam, Can I get your name and birth date?
what is IFSC code
I like my team and want to work with them for ever
How to apply for a locker in bank
How can I increase the credit limit on my credit card?
What happens when I cancel my subscription for an application?
How can I use BSNL Apps ?
How do I get reconnection after disconnection ?
Where do I get details about Outstanding Bills ?
My name is Watson, How can I help you?
What is the payment procedure for the bills
Are there hassle-free modes of payment of bills ?
What are the benefits of ADSL?
How do I pay through IMPS?
Can I swap my mailing address from office to home or vice versa?
My credit card is going to expire. When will I receive the renewal card?
Why should I go for a BSNL Mobile Postpaid connection?
Can I know the status on credit card payments?
Can I obtain a refund of the value on the Delhi Metro Transit Chip?
What will be my billing cycle?
What if I am traveling with a colleague who isn't a member of Priority Pass?
Whom do I contact for other ICICI Bank Credit Card queries?
Using one word, how would you describe your family?
What is voice mail facility?
If you could ask the President one question, what would it be?
Are there any charges to use this facility?
May I do anything else apart from this?
it doesn't catch the signal in my area
what is my bill amount
How Much you are educated ?
When will I be charged late payment fees and how much?
how many kids you have ?
What is my bill amount
May I have the details of the plan for adding the mobile numbers of my family members to the existing plan?
My bill amount is too large than my usage.
my mobile no is 9505935655
My billing amount is incorrect
data pack tariff
Your current fixed deposit is getting matured next quarter.
what is status of recharge?
Hello, how are you today ?
My bill amount is correct
I have just temporarily suspended your card.
What is the minimum data i use every month?
I will need you to please fill out an application form.
What is the rate of interest I will earn on the balance in my Savings Account
Room should be neat and clean
Is my recharge is successful ?
send statement of accounts on mailing address
I want to know my loan status
Which caller tunes are available for me?
What is my balance loan amount?
If I do MNP what will be the impact in my bill?
Will GET work on both pre pay and post pay connections?
How many free calls can I make through Tata Docomo GET service, daily ?
What is the 'Priority Pass' facility?
If you could be great at one sport which would you choose?
Can I swap my mailing address from office to home or vice versa?
How can I test my broadband speed?
What is your favorite thing about the beach?
How can I contact broadband provider?
Can I change my PIN if I forget it?
How can I be sure about which Mobile Internet Plan/ Pack is good for me?
I have a question about a charge on my bill. What should I do?
How can I make complaint for my broadband speed ?
What will happen if I recharge with two Data packs on the same day?
What makes you nostalgic?
How will purchases appear in the monthly statement in Coral contactless cards?
What is covered under 'View Rewards'?
How can I make a payment in my credit card loan account?
Who can be offered Credit Builder Program (CBP)?
Please send me savings account statement for the month of August 2017.
What is my credit score?
he will go to attend a meeting tomorrow at there
Do you remember your dreams?
My computer is not working.
What do you think of this quiz?If you became a multi-millionaire overnight, what would you buy?
I want to study further.
What color is your bedroom carpet?
If you could change something about your home, without worry about expense or mess, what would you do?
: Credit Management is an essential
Demand of customers should be in a acceptable limit
Lotus botanically known as the Nelumbo Nucifera is the national flower of India.
Who can I contact for information?
Hurricane  forced me to evacuate without my personal IDs or financial records. How do I rebuild my financial records?
Failure defeats losers, failure inspires winners.
The shortest answer is doing the thing.
I am going to Delhi
how are you
My bill amount is incorrect.
is there is any late fine if I pay the bill after due date.
My internet is not working
India is a wonderful country
I want to prepare project plan
What are the available payments mode?
I will be right back
What is the price of 4G packs?
Computer Science Engineering.
Rest in Peace
there is a limited timeline for each of the activity
My broadband is not working
I want to deactivate my connection.
My broad band is not working
can I know, what exact issue you are facing
do you want to report lost or stolen card
I want to know
i want to understand
Here is the application form.
i want to change my credit card pin number.
there was an unnecessary balance deduction in the name of caller tune
Please stay on the line while I transfer your call to my senior for better assistance
I will need you to fill out an application form
My team is the best
5)  Facing connectivity issue ?
It is a pleasant day today
Can I change my credit limit
Will you able to help me?
May I request you to verify your account details?
i need new data plan help me get one
I want to change the tariff
What is my account number ?
How many times part payment can be done in a year
How much is the balance in my current account?
I want to know the call rates for ISD calling
i am booking movie tickets for tomorrow.
I want to know the current data usage for national roaming
I have activated roaming services in my phone
customer care agent : No sir , you do not need to go any office for submit address proof you cab submit online .
my incoming call is barred
what is the reason for my call barring
Why is my call barred
Is my handset is eligible for 4G?
I want to change my bill plan
customer care agent : anything else sir ?
What did you eat in lunch?
Can you activate the same?
How can i help you?
Customer Care agent : Thank you sir, have a nice day
what is my current Bill plan?
what is my bill amount
The customer can fill the details online and upon successful submission.
how to open a fix deposit?
What all documents are required?
Where is my ATM PIN?
Birds of same feather flock together.
Unable to Browse
Till when this will be resolved.
My Laptop got damaged
Could I have some information?
Hi Hello How are you
You are the best
how much i have my Fixed amount
what is my bill plan as of now?
Today have heavy work
HOW TO LEARN MATHS
I am not able to check my bill amount. Please advise?
i am working on it.
By mistake I have paid the bill for some other mobile number. How do I fix this? Please help.
Last month I paid more on my bill amount. Why is the amount not adjusted in the current bill?
i have a complaint related to billing.
What are the benefits of Standing Instructions on Debit Card?
You will receive alerts regarding the bill payments on your registered mobile number.
How to avail concierge services?
When will the points reflect in my Hand-picked Rewards account?
Where to check the offers available on credit card?
Cognizant- Will all my transaction details be shared with my employer once card is mapped?
What should I keep in mind while doing online transactions?
Does Hand-picked Rewards automatically transfer points to my airline frequent flyer account?
Good Morning !
Hrithik Roshan is my favorite actor
As the king so are the subjects.
Harish Mehta told us to put input in Teach Watson
IT team is a support function
How are you?
Today is monday
What is the procedure to change the account .
My internet speed is not good.
how to i activate mobile SIM
You cannot live in Rome and fight with the Pope.
I am going to my home
As you sow, so shall you reap.
what is my bill amount?
When in Rome, do as Romans do.
I want to know about Family Plan
Walk into an mobile store at the location you plan to move to..
Where is my Debit Card?
My name is Kunal
which documents you will accept as Identity proof?
What sort of trouble?
I got my new credit card, but it is not activated yet.
Please Recharge my DTH account for next 12 months
how much is the rate of interest
are you able to hear my voice?
Shashank is eating poha
What is your country name
I want my bill on my mail address
I want to check Account Balance [MULTIPLE ACCOUNT]
I want to check Account balance (Single Account)
I have one pen and one pencil
learning hindi will take some more effort than english
Truth always prevails.
What all can i-Assist help me with?
Could you Please restart my citrix session?
What is the validity of my data plan.
what are the offers for the sim?
where do you live
How much do I have to deposit to open a current account?
What documents are required to get a new 4G connection
my recharge was unsuccessful.
Sorry for the inconvenience
I want to replace my sim
I want to change my bill plan
Thank you for that information provided
All fields are mandatory in the form !
What is watson?
I am not interested in any credit card, remove my name from the list. Stop calling me.
thank you for your call
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
Where to find effective data plan
What is your favorite place?
May I put your call on hold ?
Some times its not enough to do our best; We must do what is required
What is maturity date of my loan?
Can I know balance amount in my bank account
I recharged my number but my balance is not updated?
what are the various recharge offers?
Do you think that I can lead the team
Pune is best city to live.
you are speaking to Sri.
Please stay on the line.
This car was made in Japan.
Technology is one of the prime key in development
How to generate debit card PIN online
I have not yet used 100 messages so why did you charge me for it?
My data service is not working?
Can i get two debit card in one account?
how many wonders are in the world ?
what is my name
Never afraid of doing good things.
how can I get a cab from delhi to Mumbai
After multiple reminder i didn't receive my money, please help
why i am not getting my electricity bill on my home address since 3 months
what is my bill plan ?
I have already recharged with 149 or lower plan. How can I get Jio benefits?
I want to deactivate my phone number.
Which one is the best Management college of USA?
what is the address on my bill ?
How long will it take for my new connection to get activated?
Please update my e-mail address in your records
New plans can be explored via the website.
Please update my address in your records
I am facing signal issue in my area, will you suggest me how to overcome from this issue
This fried fish is so yummy
Will I get a refund?
How can I deactivate my number?
I cant phone anyone.
I want duplicate bill for this month.
How can I recharge my mobile with the help of your app.
How I can add suggestion and advise in your app
I have not received my credit bill past one month.
I have 4G plan activated on my number but 4G setting are not enabled on my handset, can you please help me in activating 4G settings.
What is the meaning of Invoice?
how we can open a saving bank account
can you please help me to understand different sections of bill
kindly block my credit card as I lost it.
Where do you stay?
How to deactivate value added services to the existing connection
i want to know ,how it works
How can I get a new SIM for my 4G device
I want to request for a new cheque book
how can I link my PAN with AADHAR card?
i want to open a new account.
how to get new SIM?
i am going home now
i feeling very angry
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Davinder, How may I assist you?
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Archana, How may I assist you?
Do you have international roaming available? If yes, what are the call rates?
Did Sarjan get married on monday
I am not getting any network.
Your bill amount in the system is RS 10,000/- only
I want my cheque book in my 2nd  address
Any locker is available in my nearest branch ?
Where is your branch location ?
What is the maturity amount of loan account ending with 2316 ?
What is the current balance outstanding on my house  loan ?
What is the current balance outstanding on my 2 wheeler  loan ?
Tell me and my wife's joint saving account number ?
What is the due date of recurring deposit account ending with 5946 ?
What is my credit card bill due date for last month ?
Mail me about my spend details of my last month of my salary account ?
Mail me about my spend details of my last  6 month of my salary account ?
Mail me how much I spend of my last 9 month and 3 weeks and 5 days on my debit card ending with 3246.
Mail me how much I spend of my last 9 month and 3 weeks and 5 days on my salary account ending with 3246.
Mail me how much I spend from 4th January,2017 to till now on my salary account ending with 3246.
Recharge my DTH connection on every first day month.
I want hot-list my credit card.
How bank rate decrease will effect my fixed deposit interest rate  ?
How can I prematurely liquidate my Fixed Deposits?
How long will it take for me to get a Business Loan?
How do I use my ATM?
What is a Personal Identification Number (PIN)?
I need a payment receipt for my payment
What are the services/facilities available at ATMs?
fee applied on my card is incorrect
If data balance is over can we add data to the plan  before billing cycle?
How about the last four numbers of your Social Security Number?
Please activate caller tune
What is the last recharge amount
EMI cancellation request should be given at least 1 working day before the due date.
Activate my 3G Services
Life is beautiful
i want to deactivate DND services on my number
I have to open a FD account as well
All lines to this route are busy. Please dial after some time.
Achievement will touch your feet
Can you like to have tea.
How do I Get Bill on eMail?
Can you tell me the recharge offers running now.
I usually get connection issue with laptop
Make sure that you have enough amount in your bank account for the DD.
select the account from which you want to debit the amount for DD if you have more than one savings account or current account.
Our call center services are offered 365 X 24 X 7.
what kind of problem you are facing?
how to get a visa
What are we trying to accomplish
Define performance standards
HOW DOES CHECK THE ERRORS IN PDF FILES?
Identify the root cause of process variation
Can u please explain how can i order demand draft
I have network related issues
is it possible i can apply demand draft through net banking
Can u please what all ways i can order demand draft ?
i do not like this plan
My desktop is not switching on
i want to make changes in this plan
What is validity of demand draft
i want to shift my bank account to shift to different bank branch
I need a clear bill
Make sure next time bill should be correct
What is computer networking?
What does ‘System Software’ Includes?
What is ‘OCR’?
कंप्यूटिंग के संदर्भ में, सीपीयू के लिए क्या खड़ा है?
How many ounces are there in a pound?
I want to change my data card plan
I want to know offers on my data card
May I know your name
How are you
What if the event gets cancelled?
please let me know the details of my last recharge.
Which mobile is this?
My bank account has been debited twice
Today I have to teach Watson.
what are your opening hours
I want to know my prepaid recharge offers
I have recharged with my mobile number but recharge amount not updated, please let me know the status of recharge
How to reset my ATM PIN?
I want to talk with your manager please transfer my call to him
in account balance was deducted I want details about that
I have enabled my data and in mobile number data balance also available but I am unable to browse
to set a caller tune to mobile please tell me the procedure
I want to update my date of birth
What are your plan this weekend?
I am not able to withdraw money from my card.
I don't want to include you in my personal matters.
Please activate roaming services
I need to know about the Family Plan Creation
what is the due date of my bill
How do I register for TPT (Third Party Transfer) services online?
Can I apply jointly with my spouse? Will our salaries be taken into consideration for calculating the loan amount?
What does "4G" mean, anyway?
My account not credited with new data.
you guys just go on cheating customers, I had similar issue last month also
how to upgrade android version
The Improve phase turns analysis into action
My bill amount is incorrect
i need more update
Yes I am coming to office today.
what will be credit limit for a supplementary card
good morning.
Facing challenges in fetching the data
insufficient data
please check the statement
check as soon as possible
Please postpone the meeting
DO you have any family Plan?
What are the timelines for the service Request raised for a user ?
most benifits data plans?
Which branch is near my place?
What is my bill due date ?
I want to open new bank account
Provisioning the Services
Reprovision
What is the discounted prize of this plan
i want to know about the best data plans for my number.
What is my data balance
i want my accounts detailed statement.
what is the account holder  name  and balance on the fixed deposit.
what is the amount of  my Loan Balance?
Update my email id.
what is the roaming charge ?
What is my bill amount ?
I am facing network issue while making a call.
How can i check my data balance?
Need to know about the insurance coverage for the surgery
I like to work.
I want to change to a better data plan , Could you brief me about the data plans
HelloGood morning Sir, how may I help you today?
how much money I have
what is my current useage information
To be very honest, It would be very difficult to complete the task in next two days.
I do not need a paper bill anymore anymore, e-bill is ok
how to insert sim?
how do u arrive at loan amount to be sanctioned for any person
Phone is not recognizing Sim
How to contact operator if Cellular Network is down?
can i return my data card?
However, the bill that you received was generated a week before you made the payment that’s why your latest payment had not been reflected.
it's a very beautiful city
Can you please recheck my last month bill?
I want to pay my phone bill
What is my data balance
you are getting what i am trying to explain?
that will make my work
Please note down
Hey Good morning
How can I reset the Pin of my debit card?
can I get the statement thru mail?
how old are you?
My internet is not working today.
I am traveling to USA, I need 500 dollar
Kindly provide me duplicate bill of my phone number.
i want to update my data plan .
During my last ATM transaction, machine did not dispense the money but it got debited from my account
There is no mobile ATM van in our location today
What is the Maturity Value of fixed deposit?
My Phone Network is not working .
Please send me my credit card statement for the last three months .
How can i transfer my amount?
what is the next date of my credit card payment
Please reach out to your system administrator
I have not yet received my bill.
Joint Account Number
Minimum balance
What is a CVV number?
My mailing address needs an update.
My mailing address needs an update.
My mobile bill date is  showing incorrect
To deactivate any service from your number kindly message on our number with the following codes.
I would like to request for a new cheque book
I had not yet received my cheque book can you please help
here is nothing permanent except change.
Once activated, kindly insert your sim in slot-1 and do the following network settings.
Why my bill is too high?
Once you have done all these network settings, kindly restart your phone.
I completely understand how you feel
your SIM is not activated
I did received last month bill
i dont want to use SIM card
IS international sim cards are different ?
My bill amount is incorrect
May i know the completion date of closing complaint?
feedback from sales prospects and customers is more valuable.
what is the solution of my complaint?
Recharge summary is good to know
I have not received my refund
Please enjoy recharge offers
do you have any interest in recharge offers?
How do I delete my account?
What is my data validity
How long will it take before I can start talking
I referred my friend and they used my code or link. Why haven’t I received credit?
can i use internet from my mobile
what are the roaming plan on pre-paid number
What is my savings account balance?
can I change my data plan
There is a problem in my mobile
what is my bill amount.
How can I pay my bill?
How to unsubscribe from International Roaming?
How can I activate call forwarding?
what is my current balance
How can I deactivate messaging service?
i am not able to change my bill plan
how do u calculate the emi for loan account
I want to activate roaming
how do i transfer funds from my bank account
How can I port my BSNL prepaid number to Airtel?
Tell me my mobile MMS balance ?
What is the due date of my bill?
I have any 3g offer on my mobile number ending with 0889 ?
I am not able to login to my account to check my balance in website.
Can you check last payment of my postpaid bill ?
I want to change my credit card spends to EMI?
When the transaction happens, would I be notified?
How do I register for the service?
what is my PUK code
What is the internet tarriff of your operator
Children play chess everyday.
Where is my welcome kit ?
Who teaches you English ?
The train had left before I reached the station.
What is the criteria for mobile number portability
Will you do one thing ? Which road leads to the bank ?
Outgoing calls are blocked on my number. I have paid the bill still I am facing the issue. I am very unhappy with your service.
Lets take a break
Hope you are fine today
I have not received my bill for this month
Good morning Sir. Could I have some information? What does the term call centre mean?
I need to get my details corrected.
Please send duplicate bill for last month
so this policy is for particular time period  ?
My balance is deducting automatically?
How can I change my bill plan?
Don't worry, I won't hang up on you.
Please, grab a pen and paper.
My ATM card got broken
I am unhappy with the maintenance charges of bank account.
I want to apply for Do not disturb, please guide me with the process.
how much is my phone bill of this month.
can i pre close my loan
Thanks for calling
This is my younger brother.
She is my grandmother.
What to Say When You Can’t Resolve the Issue
He is my neighbor.
how can i stop promotional emails
How to Respond to a Customer Asking How Your Product Differs From Other Products
How to Respond to a Customer Asking How Secure Your Website or Service is
How to Tell a Customer Their Account is Overdue or Expired
What you understand by the term “Customer Satisfaction”?
What is my data balance?
Can you check last 3 month payment  of my datacard bill ?
Why did you charge Rs 100 extra on my bill?
Detail Bill
Balance Deduction Query
who is that?
i want to change my phone language to Hindi
I want to change my rental home.
I have network signal problem on my mobile phone
click to record audio
What is my account number?
What is your date of birth
India is a great country. All the peoples are very helpful in india.
what is your geographical location
what is my name?
What are the charges for collection of outstation cheques?
Which is the best data plan available as per my usage?
I want to teach Watson some hindi songs.
What is my bill due date?
What is You like doing
How citrix work
how much is my telephone connection bill ?
what is the procedure to get a new checkbook
what is the maturity date of my loan
I want to break my fixed deposit before maturity date
What can i do for you sir
What paper that youâ€™ve written are you most proud of?
What is Open Network?
What is debit and credit from the banks point of view ?
What is the full form of SOX in accounts?
What do you understand by Open Item Managed Account?
What do you mean by WCC?
What is meant by liabilities ?
I lost my cell phone.
You would require to submit a copy of PAN card.
Can I claim for costs involved in making my complaint?
Can I complain about problems while I was being transferred from one company to another?
Can someone else complain on my behalf?
My billing address is not correct, I need to change it.
What is deadlock?
Should I upload the documents online to update the billing address?
When will my package increase?
How does a credit card differ from debit card?
Am I eligible for a Credit Card?
What is TDS on Fixed Deposit?
What are the service facilities that will be offered to me?
Will any special rates be applicable for bigger deposit amounts?
What interest pay out options are available?
Who can open a Fixed Deposit account with BAJAJ FINANCE LIMITED?
Please let me me know my internet data balance.
How to Choose Best Fixed Deposit Plan?
Will any special rates be applicable for specific category of applicants?
Will any special rates be applicable for bigger deposit amounts?
resolve my loan problem
how can I change my address
i want to stop my personal loan
i want to stop my house loan
i want to check my personal detail on saving account
i want tariff ending alert on my phone
i want all bank related alerts on my phone
my hand set is not working
i am not getting proper data speed on my mobile.
which is your project
what is the procedure to delink the family plan?
what are you doing
Do u need a New Connection.
I want to change my bill plan?
How May I help you today
Why my name is not  on my ATM card?
what is my data balance ?
Any new telecom plans in place ?
i want to reactive my number
The cvv should not be disclosed to any person other than the cardholder
How many passwords do I have for Internet Banking?
Can I have only one User ID for all  Bank relationships?
What are the relationships that I can view/enable online?
Hello buddy, how are you
Can you arrange call back on my same number.
What are the cost advantages of 4G versus 3G
Tell me my mobile 4g data balance ?
Tell me my mobile  balance ?
Explain my postpaid bill of last month ?
Explain my postpaid bill from February to till last month ?
I am not able to see my data  balance in website.
I am not able to see my SMS  balance in website.
Hi how main i help  you ?
Any special benefit on my number?
I don,t want this bill plan,
I want to reset my atm pin
Can someone call me back to understand my issue correctly?
Can you send me Itemized bill amount on my email id
Can you send me my Bank ATM pin on my mobile number.
How to close existing bank account?
i want to change my residential address
Dial *121*7# from your prepaid mobile number to know the details of your previous 5 transactions.
press 0 to quit
you can do it using net banking page
the number you are calling is busy please be online
Please try after sometime
What do you do for a living?
Work in progress.
Who is the prime minister of India?
What is my current bill plan?
Can you please verify your email address and phone number?
Hello, I want to apply for a home loan, can you let me know the eligibility criteria
How many EMIs are pending of my personal loan?
What offers are going on for my account?
How to convert my credit card purchases to EMIs?
Is there any limit on minimum purchase amount for EMI conversion?
kindly grant new sim as soon as possible
I want to deactivate my message services
What are the payment options available for me?
Does the recharge happen immediately?
please share the names of sales lead offers
what is the validity status?
Just obtain an application for draft.
How do I apply for new debit card?
how do i activate sports live?
how soon will it be activated?
Can i get the itemized bill over email?
WHAT IS CASH RESERVE RATIO?
What is the last payment date on my education loan?
What are the different data plans
I like to have green tea.
I want to change my plan?
Name a celebrity you think is lame.
tit for tat
I want to apply for a credit card
what is my loan eligibility
I need a help on my suspended account
I want to know latest tariff plan of airtel
How can i request for Recurring Deposit?
What is famous in Mathura
How are you doing today?
How can I get my Card blocked ?
What is the process to open the joint account
How do I update my Aadhar Card to my new phone number
how to change to new mobile plan
Where is my cold drink?
how do i become this bank's manager?
how would i hide my number detail to called user
I woke up early in the morning.
i want to drink water
What are the Various value-added services available to my mobile number?
My mobile phone balance is very low.
What are the Various VOICE BASED VALUE ADDED SERVICE available on my mobile number?
Can my spouse or dependent use the card?
What are the Various education related valUE ADDED SERVICE available on my mobile number?
What should I do if I accidentally charge an ineligible expense on the  debit card?
Hello i am fine
What is Fast Cash?
You will receive confirmation email within 48 hours.
India will be the most growing country in the world
I am not able access my profile in web application.
My data balance is not credited as per my plan.
how to generate debit card pin through atm
Please issue receipt of my Debit card
Ok, thank you. I’d like that.
I would like a Rs.3,00,000 spending limit.
The Gold Shopper card has a lower interest rate of 14% per annum and has an interest free period of 35 days on any purchases made.
How may I help you?
I want to disconnect my internet connection.
how to apply for the Credit Card ?
How can I resolve error as SIM card not registered
How much money we can withdraw through cheque ?
for information in english please press 1
Please notify me about the latest plan foe my mobile sim.
Hello, How are you
Could you please deactivate my 3G services
How can I help you today
Please activate my new sim card
Could you please provide my last month rashan bill on my e-mail
Please activate my roaming services
I paid a Bill Twice.
Describe me the procedure to check balance on my number.
Can my Recurring Deposit be opened in joint names?
What will be the interest rate per annum.
what is your order number ?
What is UCC?
According to you Watson, Does God exists?
Please deactivate my roaming tariff
I want to open a savings bank account
I want to change my billing address
what are the facilities linked with my bank account
Can I get ATM card sir?
Network connectivity in my area is not good
I want to open De mat account. I have my Salary account with you bank. Can you please give me the  details of prerequisite?
How many attempts are done for making bill payment through Standing Instruction on Debit Card?
Can you link all my family members numbers to the family plan?
Which all customer is eligible for Standing Instruction on Debit Card?
Will the customer will receive any “Alert” on failure with reason through an SMS?
If my ATM card does not work, what should I do?
What happens if my bank has lost my records?
What are other tips to start the recovery process?
Run for your life.
I want to activate internet banking on my account
I want to open a new savings account.
I am facing Network Issue at my current location.
please verify your account number, your account number is 1234567890
I want to surrender my Vodafone connection
What is the process of closing trading account.
Hello, What day is it?
Maria Sharapova is Out from US OPEN 2017 in 4th Round.
Do you want to activate internet services on your postpaid connection?
How are you?
i am honest
whenever I am trying to connect with some one on call, It is getting disconnected within 1 to 2 minutes.
What are the current plans and benefits
What is the bill amount for last 3 months ?
what is remaining data balance for my account
May I know your SIM number please?
I want to take a new sim.
When can I start using my new plan?
My balance has been deducted.
I want to change my billing cycle
I want to know my previous bill
Feedback On Customer Service
Payment Updation
How will the EMI be charged to me, will it be deducted from my bank account or be included in my monthly credit card bill? How much will I be charged if I prepay?
Good Morning , How may i help you ?
Thank you very much for your help.
In the meantime, see if you can reach out to Orange and let them know your issue.
May I please verify the last four number of your Social Security Number?
I'm speechless, All I can say now is THANK YOU!
Thanks, I hope no one have tried using it.
Not Getting proper network in my Area
My bill amount
Will I receive any alert every month when the bill is scheduled for Standing Instruction on Debit Card & after completion of payment?
It was just 5 or may be 10 minutes ago...
Are you currently running applications in virtual systems?
For billing questions, press 4.
What is a Personal Identification Number (PIN)?
In case the compensation is not credited as mandated, what recourse does the customer have?
My payment is success but it is not showing in my profile.
My telecom bill due date is not mention.
My data plan and data mentioned in bill is different.
what is your name ?
I need my itemized bill which shows the bifurcation with difference usages
i want my duplicate bill .
Hi how are you.
I want to change my Postpaid plan to prepaid.
The total bill amount is $100.00
What is my bill due date?
Why my data balance is showing low?
Thank you for calling flip kart
Thanks for your patience.
I need a locker on my name in your bank. Can you please let me the procedure for getting one locker?
how are you
What to do
Let me check your plan
I want to close my connection.
I should have more data in same plan like other service providers.
How much do you charge for it?
Hi Ravi, I am Prachi Desai from Support Team
Okay I will check with the nearest Airtel store.
How do I cancel the Auto Pay service
I love my family.
I need to activate my SIM card
I want to activate e-bill for my mobile number?
I want to register a complaint
How can use call divert option
My bill is not coming to my address.
what is public provident fund and employee provident fund ?
Instead of paper bill I want to opt for e-bill for my postpaid
How much charges is required to activate a new SIM card?
My name is Akshaya
My internet banking is locked, how to unlock it.
I am not able to redeem my reward points
She likes her school a lot.
Customer: This is correct
How to update personal details for Mobile Number?
Executive: I would keep you on hold for sometime
The man hit me on the head.
The medicine tastes bitter.
This car was made in Japan.
This is the monsoon season.
Executive: Sir let me check the details once again
Executive: Sir sorry to keep you on wait
Kindly send your valid government photo-id proof on our email-id.
I've lost my credit card, want to block it
Customer: No, thanks
My current month bill is incorrect
The history class starts at nine.
The rumor is true to some extent.
There should be no dues on bills, if you are post-paid customer. Ensure that, you have paid all pending bills.
Do you think that your bank caters all your banking needs
What are the latest offers on data card
What are the latest offers for my number
Does your bank have core banking facility for the customers
Delhi is the capital of India and an Union Territory
Sir we have a very special plan for you, would you like to hear it once.
Welcome to customer care center
my charge amount is incorrect.
I want to close my account,
I need internet banking on my saving account.
10. What would be the rate of interest till Rs. 1000000 home loan?
how can i activate my sim card?
I want to de-activate my sim card
wat would you suggest, i am planning to change my network operator as its easy these days coz  you get a different operator with better monthly plans and same number We call it porting the number
Do you have any better plan?
Are you married?
I am a businessman
How much i withdraw amount last month?
Within how many days from the date of purchase should I request for EMI conversion?
Alright, thanks for your help operator.
Are you concerned with any of those?
If you would like to speak with an Operator, press 0, or press 9 to repeat the available options.
normal people use proverbs while talking
How fast is 4G compared to 3G?
I have received my bill late
I have confused by my bill
200 rupees is for roaming pack Sir
What is Easy Money?
hope you are doing well
What do I do if my cards are lost or stolen?
Ok, the number is 00088888
it's in warranty period
How do I open an account with HDFC Bank?
Can I sign up for the convenience of pre-authorized payments?
I want DND activated on my number.
1.I didn't receive my credit card bill this month.
Can I cancel my recharge order and get a refund?
UCC (Unsolicited Commercial communication) is any message, voice or SMS sent to mobile / land-line without subscriber opting for it.
I received a commercial communication, even after registering my number in fully blocked category, Can I make any compliant?
What is a religion
If you are an existing customer,
i will initiate the refund inquiry quickly
How to know my call charges?
I want to change my address.
What do I do if I have a faulty or damaged sim?
Why has my monthly rental increased?
If you are not having any account then,you have to pay cash Rs.20200/- to the cashier.He will issue you receipt.
I have not received the bill yet?
What is the modem capacity required to connect 10 devices?
I didn't received debit card yet, can you please help me
How long will it take for me to receive the cheque book
Whom should I contact for Fixed Deposit maturity?
How to block incoming private numbers or calls with "no number"?
Please deactivate 3G services
The Platinum flyer card has a higher interest rate of 19% per annum.
My money was deducted but I didn't get my recharge, shall I make another recharge transaction?
please let me know the process for activation of any services.
My bill amount is incorrect
what is the sms code for Roaming Pack Deactivation
what is my total outstanding for this month
Thank you for calling
You are currently number six in line and the first five customers are hungry bears
My bill amount is incorrect
My bill amount is incorrect
What is the estimate time for this task?
Are you working on any task ?
How do I contact helpdesk?
What is the current plan on my mobile number ?
where are we going
how much days u need to complete it
i want to upgrade my plan.
Kindly open your email
what is the plan
my work place
How can I convert my one of transaction into monthly transaction
how can i apply for passport without birth certificate?
this is where we want to go
Can you please confirm your address.
i need work from home tomorrow
I want to activate 3G on my sim.
Noida, short for the New Okhla Industrial Development Authority, is a systematically planned[2] Indian city under the management of the New Okhla Industrial Development Authority (also called NOIDA)
what is your name?
You have promoted
turn right.
How many rooms you have in your house?
Will you be going to Grandmother's house for Christmas?
how to do this task?
are you doing night shift
i am stuck at a data issue
I want to change my billing address
I AM FINE.
n recent 5 years, Noida has also become a hub for software and mobile app development companies like Samsung, Barclay's, Cadence, Mentor graphics, HCL, CSC.
What did you have for breakfast today?
what is she thinking?
You can make your carrier with the help of us.
There is poor network coverage in my area.
What is the data tariff for me?
Promotional Scheme was worth praising
What is your Name?
9What is the procedure to open an account.
I want to prepare project plan
Can I help u?
How can I change the IVR language?
Can you please tell me your permanent address?
What is the procedure to check Balance?
What is your good name
How did your day go today?
Experiments enables the correct ways of doing this
Network signal is weak in my area
How to get do not disturb service on my mobile number for a fixed period of time?
you are not authorized for this information.
I want to port my number.
My system is not working as expected
I didn't received my bill for current month.
do you want to talk to our customer relationship advisor
what is the status of my request
Will the change in the withdrawal limits at ATMs in India affect the withdrawal limit of foreign currency from an ATM at an overseas location?
Is there a limit to deposit cash in the bank account with the OHD?
What is my account number?
Can I get a data plan for 10 days
What is my Credit card bill for last
How do I proceed for change of address
I got a defective product
My online profile data is not correct.
There is no network in my area.
I want to know different tariff plans available in my area.
I want to update my mobile number for my bank account.
Can i port mt pre-paid Mobile Phone number?
Is there any corporate offer going on for the tariff plans?
My bill amount is correct
where is my data balance gone
I want 4G sim. Where can I find one ?
Could you please reactivate 3G services on my mobile number?
How can use this service?
I am facing speed related problem on my internet service
My data speed is very slow
What is my bill amount
I need to get my address change
can you Explain my mobile Bill to me.
I have recently changed my caller tune.
We support all kinds of chat software and our agents are also trained at using all types of software.
We are giving a great service.
why my ringtone has been changed
What is your name?
I want to port my airtel connection
Truth always prevails.
how to pay telephone bill
What is Demonetization
I need to change by mobile plan. I require unlimited calling and alteast 2 GB data per month
how old are you
What is my unbilled amount
Can you please tell all the calling plans available in airtel prepaid?
Request for conversion of transaction into EMI will be processed only if the request for the same is received within 60 days from the date of purchase
As I can check, you have been charged Rs 50 for a service you have activated on your phone this month.
The entire EMI amount will be included in calculation of Minimum Amount Due payable by the cardholder.
I want to know about tariff plans
How many types of roaming services are available
What are the National Roaming charges applicable on my mobile number ?
Do I need to pay any security deposit for using International Roaming
I want to know my payment due date
Tendulkar was born at Nirmal Nursing Home in Dadar, Bombay on 24 April 1973 in a Maharashtrian family
Mr. Narendra Modi is Indian Prime Minister
i do excersize daily
will there be any transaction limit ?
drinking more  water is a good habit
Peacock is India's National Bird
I want to go home
what is my current bill details
get android, windows & apple apps on high-ultra speed directly from excitel network
I love to have non vegetarian food.
I change my plan postpaid to prepaid in June month and you send bill to me in July with 12% GST.
please tell me that why I am getting property messages again and again
I already Cr 5000 rs in my bank account and till you Dr  75 rs in my ac
My recharge amount and my balance credited is different.
But I deactivated the damn pack two months back through the IVR
i want to change my billing address
He is my classmate.
Following Up With a Customer
I am not able to use this service
For verification purposes mam, Can I get your name and birth date?
How to Respond to a Customer That Speaks a Language You Don’t Understand
How many states are there in India?
How will you enjoy working in a call center?
what is the weather and climate outside
I want a new sim card
I am facing internet connectivity issue.
what is your name
I need to go to my home
what is my address in your records?
I am not receiving network in my area
Can I call Customer Care while roaming internationally?
Why am I getting 2G network in my area?
Why is my new 4G SIM not activated yet?
do you provide loan against the property
What is the last payment date on my loan
What is the current balance outstanding on my loan
I want to encash this cheque.
If I were in your position, I would feel just as you do.
I want to activate hello tunes on my number
Do you have locker facility available in your branch?
I need to update the address on my account.
Thanks for waiting this out.
Send me one duplicate bill of my last month usage.
Send me one duplicate bill of my last 3 month usage of my data crad
Send me one detail bill of my last 3 month usage of my data crad
Last month I already paid my all dues.
Have you ever been on a boat ride?
How can i get Itemized bill of my mobile on my email id?
your account is locked now. You can try after one hour
Whats Up buddy?
What are you doing
What is your name
How to connect video call?
What are the steps for mobile number portability?
below are the details of your account
Kindly deactivate the value added service from my mobile.
What is your date of birth?
i want to activate caller tune for my cell number
This is corrupt data
I want to activate caller tune.
What is my bank balance?
Please assign this work to someone else
Will you deposit my electricity and water bill?
I made a change to my account. Why haven't I seen it on my bill?
Kindly deactivate my atm card.
Tell me your name please.
How do I set up my account to make managing my money easier?
How far is it from the church to the station?
Please provide me credit card type.
make an appointment with the bank’s financial assistance team if appropriate
I paid my due last week itself
I want to update my email address.
Not every one is so lucky
what documents are required to open a locker
hold the line
Can I place a stop payment on a check using Online Banking
Do you have your account in same branch ?
how can i add a new service
WHY PREVIOUS MONTH BILL HAS BEEN ADDED IN THIS CURRENT MONTH?
password is incorrect
Hi Wayne what an excellent question. If you mean the SHC5100 then the 05 has a UK adaptor and the 10 has a European
How are you feeling ?
Hi Brenda, you should shave the places where you are using the Lumea on approximately 48 hours before each treatmen
why has last bill amount added a current bill amount?
always complete my work on time
i have some good friends
Can I get you anything else ?
I want to take a home load
what document is required for pension loan ?
You are my brother.
My phone service is blocked.
What is my bill due date?
Understanding the impact that good communication has on customer relationships.
I will be on a leave tomorrow.
i want to stop payment of a cheque I have issued
Will you help me with the math homework?
Can I change my plan?
I want to change my address in your records.
How do I check the status of my membership?
How do I change my contact information?
i have to update my mobile number , please help me
I live in Rohini
i want to know the features of my account
My favourite hobby is reading.
Hi. I am intending of hiring a locker at this bank and would like to know the safety parameters set for the lockers
What are tenure option available for home loan?
i have problem in my connection
Hi. Need you help. I had issued a cheque sometime back. I need you  to stop payment for the same.
What is my Loan Amount
Please tell me how much downpayment I have to do
will i get free sms on diwali festival
How can i apply for a debit card?
When will I get a salary hike?
tell more about watson !!!!
I am John.
If I select to opt out of "Banking/Insurance/Financial products/credit cards" then will it affect my current credit card/debit card and banking sms?
Please provide me Net banking credentials.
What is retail banking ?
When will my plan get activated
and how about the same drama of last month, that 200 rupees is still not adjusted in this month's bill and you are repeating the same story
I want to deactivate my sim
I want to know the maturity value of my fixed deposit
By when my late fees can be waived
General Details
Bill Amount
Data Balance
Port Out Status
New Connection
My ATM is not working.
i did not get my welcome kit
What is my data balance?
i want to change my salary account into saving account
what is my main balance ?
Can you please explain me all fixed deposite scehemes avialable in your bank?
i want to pay my whole loan in one go
i want to change my fixed account beneficiary
i want to change my address detail in bank
i want to change my car loan address detail
i want to change my laptop loan detail
i want to temporary suspend my bank account
Please cancel my cheque which I have processed for my loan payment.
They were Ramesh's children from his first marriage.
Be more ambitious
Please take right turn for washroom
My manager is too supportive.
What would be the fine amount if the balance goes below the limit ?
Do not pay anything extra
What types of numbers can I add to Friends & Family?
How many Designated Banks can an NRI appoint?
Is it mandatory to place the orders for purchase/sale of shares / convertible debentures through the Designated Bank?
At what frequency does an NRI need to report his transactions to the Authorised Dealer?
Can a customer undertake RTGS/NEFT through electronic channel?
Here, take my Adhar Card as Identity proof, and the family plan I am referring to join is mentioned in the form I have filled earlier.
What are the different Demat service requests can I make online?
Thank you for the information. Please give me 2 minutes to get this updated in our tool.
Any requests by add-on card holders will be billed to the primary card.
I have 50 rupees in my mobile
Please update my billing cycle .
I want to change my billing address.
I cannot login to my account
I want to deactivate my Roaming Pack
the dd will be dispatched within two working days
When does the theatre start?
When does the train leave?
My Name is Shirin Kumar, and my email Id is shirinku@in.ibm.com
how to activate call forwarding?
Where is my ATM PIN?
When will my efforts be recognized?
I want to activate my 3G Service
Barking dogs seldom bite.
A honey tongue, a heart of gall.
How will we pay
where you want to go
I am learning english
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing ./ Half knowledge is dangerous.
Can i get your phone number?
All that glitters is not gold.
My bill has incorrect due date
what is data pack
billing date change
Late payment penality
SMS charges
We have the following interest rates available on the fixed deposits.
Your current fixed deposit is getting matured this month.
May i assist you any thing else?
sure, I would take care of it. Thank you.
How can I replace my SIM card?
Bank reserves the right to foreclose the loan and debit the entire outstanding amount to customers credit card statement if the customer defaults on payment of two consecutive EMIs.
What is the last date of my bill ?
yes, this plan is good. I want to have it
Can i please have my account statement?
My laptop has stopped working and I having a black screen when I login.
I want to go gym everyday.
Kindly provide me the details of my bill plan.
how do I write self cheque
What is my account balance?
i want to block my debit card.
I am not satisfied with the customer service.
How to apply for credit card
May I speak to Sudip Malakar?
From where, are you calling?
Indian stock market is down today.
i want my savings account balance
I have raised three request for the same issue and everytime you closed saying number not reachable, If there is no network how you can contact me? Why did you took alternate number?
Where is Noida
How to withdraw cash from ATM?
My account balance has been deducted today.
how to check my internet data usage for current month?
please tell your contact number
I love to play cricket
He completed his education
I work for IBM
i want to update my address details
I want to suspend all the services for my number.
I am having problem getting my voice details.
What is PNP?
Your account number is located at the top right hand corner of the bill statement
What is my bill due date?
Please hold while I check your account in our system
What is the bill period?
What is the process of paying the bills?
I want to activate hello tunes on my number
I am not a terrorist.
what is my bill amount
Can I block my number
What is my bill amount?
How to enable 4G on my handset?
Kindly disable roaming plan on my number.
I don't want to continue with my mobile services.
Is the maturity amount of my fixed deposit taxable?
What is the tax amount on maturity value of my fixed deposit?
What was the last recharge I did?
Stay Alert – Don’t Get Hurt
The teams will request for some information from you and help you with solutions accordingly.
Have a good day
How to get my sim replaced
what is my billed amount
Hard work is the key for success.
Calm down, sir.
What! And make me go through the process of waiting to talk to a real person all over again?
Look, I’m new here. I don’t know how to answer your question. Would you like to speak to my supervisor?
Could you please book a train ticket for me as I want to visit my grandma who lives in haridwar
Where can I make my request to port?
As of the date today, you have a balance is $935.00
Can I port my number more than once?
What is benefit of Company leased car?
Will be there any additional charges for using service through ATM?
My name is Ashley
Can you hear me
Did you create multiple request by mistake?
I just spilled water on my keyboard. Now it doesn’t work. Can you fix it?
I think I’m going to need to upgrade my browser. How do I do that?
Can you send someone at my place to collect money for bill payment
what is a robot?
Where are you going?
Why is my bill amount so high?
My senior always gives me feedback for my work
You are a very good employee.
What is the overdue bill amount ?
What is the total payable amount ?
toady i have completed my exam.
Hold it firmly
I want to change my bill plan
What is my bill cycle date?
I want to deactivate my 3G services.
Call customer service.
how could i change the plan to get less amount in the bill
where is your phone ?
My recent purchase are transacted twice.
how many languages can you speak ?
My name is john.
Your house is decorated very well.
Thanks for your meaningful contribution.
do you know sijo jose from recruitment.
Your voice is not audible
caller tune , mobile internet and special number services are value added services.
What is the maximum download speed in my area.
My sim is not working
I got an idea in my mind.
Tips to save data.
What was the issue?
I want to know my unbilled amount
What is postpaid? I want to know the various plans available
what is the due date of my bill
Please send me the last 6 months bill.
Please help me in updating my contact details
Which article grant pardoning power of President of India
your account will be verified in 24 hours.
how to deactivate my international roaming
Hi, Good Morning
How are you
Waiting for my book to publish in India
Will I be able to access 4G while on roaming
have a nice day
what I have to do to change my bill plan ?
what is the best?
Your customer care is pathetic.
have questions?
Operator : Sir your unbilled amount is 110rs. And your next cycle starts in 2days. Do you need any other information ?
We should keep our promise.
Best performance of the day
What is your mailing address?
What is my data balance
How do I know my beneficiary's details for a cheque issued in my name?
I want to invest in some plans which bank is having to save income tax
Why don't you listen to us?
could you please give us sometime?
My outgoing calls are barred. I want to know the reason.
I did not receive the refund.
Why my account main balance deducted without any information?
i would like to know about my bill plan
I want to change my IBM post paid plan to prepaid. How can I do that?
How can I replace the SIM?
How can i change my current tariff plan?
When will it be fixed?
please explain me payment steps
I have a headache.
I want to know about the policies of fixed deposit .
I want new nano sim for my current number.
How much does it cost?
Hello, I did not receive my phone bill
Your voice is not audible
How to generate password online for banking online ?
Please enter your email id
Hello I am unable to browse
What is your name?
I have not received my Bills yet.
sorry for you inconvenience  caused
where is my credit card bill
who is the Sales Lead
Your call will be attend in next 24 hours
Thank you for calling us.
Are You able to login in computer ?
Hello, How are you?
Last date of bill submission
where are you staying
I am calling because I received a wrong bill.
What are the privileges I receive as an HNI customer?
Thank you. Is it the teller system there?
How many specimen signatures do you need?
what was my last bill
Would you like to deposit the cheque for clearance?
It will take about two days, since it is a local Cheque.
Will they give me the money today?
can you provide the reason for debiting some amount as penalty
Let's have a meeting?
You can come tomorrow.
Please let me know how much is the quarterly average balance I have to maintain in my saving account?
Can I cancel my recharge order and get a refund?
How can you transfer your Savings Account from one branch to another
please share configuration related details through email quickly
do you have any previous bill with you madam?
I want to escalate this issue
I want to update my personal details.
Wonderful. Well, we have two cards which best suit your needs.
Can we get user tutorial or help? How?
What is the purpose of New Meeting?
Will cash transaction charges be levied if I deposit/withdraw money from my account in excess of free limits?
Can I use cash to create a NRO FD?
How can I generate or change the 3D Secure PIN for my credit card?
What is Web conferencing?
What will my personal information be used for?
How can I get Voice VPN Service?
What is Call waiting and what is the procedure to activate and deactivate call waiting ?
What are all documents required for new connection?
What is the procedure for settling full and final of my closing number?
My debit card was rejected in many ATMs,Please let me know what is the problem?
Ok. I’m finished. Here’s the form and here’s my driver’s license.
I want to get 3G activated
Click the Latest bill link on the left-hand side
Great. Thank you.
Thank you. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Good Morning, how are you today?
My younger child is 2 years old.
what is my credit card outstanding.
can I get the bank statement online
how long will you take to fill details?
I want to start the Recurring Deposit (RD)
how many equated monthly installments i can pay for part payment of home loan
why the charges every time
Please Raise Demand Draft/Pay order request
Let me check that I have this right
Thank you for waiting/holding
Can you please service request number so that I can track the status of my request
I will check and come back on this.
My plan is changed
what are you eating
when can u reactivate my number, I am waiting.
please do not make me fool
I want to buy a Mercedes car by next year.
What is the tariff plan
I'd be happy to replace this unit at no charge/cost.
I want to enquire about MNP- Airtel to other operators.
due you want to know further details
Which Bluetooth version uses adaptive frequency hopping?
What is the Interest Rate on the Hoan Loan?
what is my balance ?
What are the different ways to transfer the money from my account to another bank account?
We tried calling you multiple times to get additional details to enable us to address your concern.
Please let me know the accumulated reward points figure for my savings account so far?
According to my usage what are best plans for my number
Do i have internet active on my sim
How much is my internet data balance
I want to change to prepaid
I have a dispute on the bill amount. I have been charged for the excessive data usage. You are requested to reverse the data charges from the Bill.
If I am a managed portfolio customer, will I get combined email statements?
Do I need to pay if I avail the Email statement facility?
Please share my Net pack details
what is my maximum limit.
What are the locations that we can make a demand draft for?
What is my current bill cycle?
May i know your current account number ?
I want last month usage of my data
I want to get ATM card.
I want to take new connection with your network, please let me know the offers and procedure for it
I am not getting a callback
Now just revert to my complaint asap
I have cancelled my transaction but amount was not added to me , please let me know the status
Need to go in public place for promotional scheme
what is Feedback On Customer Service?
I want to cancel my transaction please let me know the procedure
my internet is in limited plan
I cant activate roaming plan for my number
what is Payment Updation?
i do not know what is my bill amount
I want to activate family plan with my number and create a family plan
what is Data Balance?
I want to Roaming Pack Deactivation
what is Service Dispute?
why my refund not received?
what is Recharge Offers?
Maturity Value of fixed deposit
what is Detail Bill?
don't put extra efforts to send bill on my mail
what documents required for migration
what is Sim related?
do we have any medium to recharge ?
what is Promotional Scheme?
I want to know about my cheque status
i am Unable to Browse
what is Sim Replacement?
how to check status of sim replacement
how to check status of Service SMS
how to black list calls
what is Validity Status?
what is 3G Feature?
what is Change Customer Tariff?
how to activate Value Added Service
what is Deactivate?
what is Safe Custody?
how to activate Services On Prepaid
what is Change Language?
Can you become my teacher?
What is the price?
What is the course of action for the customer if the complaint is not addressed by his/her bank within the stipulated time / not addressed to his/her satisfaction?
Please keep quite
I resigned
How are you doing
Okay do you know when she'll be back?
I want to activate my Roaming Pack
What is there for lunch?
please stop my phone services
There is a deduction from my account.
Where can I meet you?
ï»¿What are Inactive and Dormant accounts
What was my bill in the month of last october?
how to search for an item ?
what is my bill amount?
Hello,how are you?
What else help you required from my side
Have a good day ahed
where are you talking form ?
Please deactivate the caller tune on my mobile number.
How do i reactivate my sim card?
how do I link my adhaar card number in my account
i want to redefine my house loan
i wnt my car insurance on email
i want all my phone bill till date
i want to check bounced check detail
What should be done if the ATM card is lost or stolen ?
I have forgotten my Debit card Pin.
what is your name?
We have to demonstrate the CR for this release
what will be tenure for my housing loan ?
I have network signal problem on my mobile
eligibility for personal loan
How do I get my PUK number?
How to calculate earned interest in my saving account by own.
We will appreciate if you could share your alternate contact details and convenient time to call for resolving your concern effectively.
What do you like?
I like eating fried vegetables in rainy season
I want to receive my last 3 bills
I want to change my plan
What’s the best way to pay household bills?
Each Indian city is well connected with railway network
How do I avoid bank fees and charges?
My sim card has been lost and I want to block my number.
My sim card has been lost and I want the procedure to get a duplicate sim card.
Is there a charge for switching to Members Telecom?
the wood where really dark and deep
Whom should I contact for service related problems?
I am member of Sandvik Team
Between the devil and the deep sea.
I am working with IBM
Where is my Debit Card?
It is no use crying over spilt milk.
What is my current mobile balance
can you please activate my mobile sim card
What do I need to apply for a credit card?
Please restore my Service
It’s never too late to mend
Add a feather in a cap
Send me my credit card statement for last 3 months
If we consider the ERP system flow
What's the difference between a billing address and a service address?
you need to submit new address proof along with id proof
where is your house
Ensure accurate billing and fulfillment process
Can i get your name and account number?
Where is my ATM PIN?
Transfer my Call
I want to activate a data package on my number
I want to change my data package
I want to open a new bank account.
I want to change my data package
What would be the minimum amount requirement for new account.
show me some good caller tone
how do I recharge my account?
You can simply disregard the amount indicated in the bill and continue enjoying our services.
I am very upset with your service.
there is no dial tone in the phone set
Today is my Birthday
this is not working since yesterday
IBM is the best organization
Is server down?
What is the price of 4G packs?
there's no signal at home
how much do i have in my savings account
Do you use the service of alternative bank?
What is the status of the complainant i have raised for poor data connectivity on my number?
How can I pay my mobile bill?
What is my calling plan name
Have you applied for debit card
Does this bank provide mobile banking facility
what is your name?
What is my recharge balance.
what is the balance in my account
I like to talk
I will have complete my work
I can share reference number by email.
We really appreciate you for given valuable time
Watson is an IBM supercomputer that combines artificial intelligence (AI) and sophisticated analytical software for optimal performance as a “question answering” machine.
I want to configure GPRS settings
Just want to know about the bill amount for this month.
How to enable selection of preferred network automatically?
My bill is more this month, Can you please provide details.
On a single ID how many connection I can take
Please let me know the best option to repay my credit card spends
Can I get a single Bill for my both numbers?
How many days will take to close my Number?
Can you please let me know your manager. I would like to escalate my unresolved issue?
How can I modify the details of my ticket?
Why do I get the details of some irrelevant trains if I try some enquiries?
What is Tatkal Ticket ?
What is a credit card and what are the features and benefits of a credit card?
Initial Public Offering (IPO) is the time when a company makes the first offering of the shares to the pubic.
What is a Joining fee and Membership fee?
weather is pleasant today
I'm unable to make calls from my current sim card.
hello, i would like to know few information on my number
What are the way through which I can transfer fund from one ban to other
can i get a service to change my prepaid mobile number into Postpaid
Please deactivate postpaid service on my mobile number
annual account charges for my account
today i have a flight at 7.30.
How can I change my PIN?
why I have been charged for internet service when I haven't use that.
How can I help you?
how can i help you today?
What are the different types of deposit accounts?
How to apply for a credit card?
Sir may I know your name please
I want to change my ATM pin.
I want to know my bill plan?
I need the itemized bill for my mobile number, Can you please send it to me on my e-mail address.You have activated value added service on my mobile number.Can you please check and deactivate it.
please send my bank account statement for this month
I want to port my mobile number,
I want to know the details of my last 5 transactions
please suggest if my mobile is 4g enabled
How can I reduce my bill?
i want to know whether can i avail locker facility for my account
Activate my new bill plan
Hello Good Morning I want to hire a locker in your branch can you please let me know what is the procedure to get it and what are the rentals?
you are a quick learner
With GPRS you can access to the internet from your handset
I am really unhappy with your service
Can you please tell me that what is the speed shown after running the speedtest?
My name is Gurdev Singh
What are the Services available through Phone Banking
what is the fees for taking locker service
How long we should sleep?
How do we get rid of blackheads?
Stretch your left arm out as far as you can, What can you touch?
i want to get my refund
i want to change my bill plan
How do I get phone reconnection after disconnection ?
What is the timeframe for settlement of an excess metering complaint ?
I want to talk to your manager.
Indian Telecom sector is going forward in a very fast pace.
Who can transfer funds using NEFT?
Who decides the limits on cash withdrawal or purchase of goods and services through use of a card?
I want to log the request about Cash not dispensed from ATM machine.
What are the data roaming charges on National Roaming?
my bill amount is right
Can i pay my mobile bills through Paytm
What is your Name?
Excess amount has been charged for my data plan.
Who can sell on Flipkart?
How and when will I get paid?
when will I get my refund
Happy Engineers day.
it was nice talking to you
Send me my credit card statement from April/2017 .
Where is my ATM PIN?
Is there anything else that I could assist you with?
Caller complains that my voice is not clear or distorted when I take the call from inside of my house
Tell us which plan is good for us
How to apply for credit card.
What is the balance in my account at present?
How to do NEFT transfer
How do I find the nearest Bank of America banking center?
What are your hours?
How can I avoid having a hold placed on my deposit?
How much far is your home from IBM premise?
i issued a cheque to someone, but now i need to stop that payment.
What should I do for growth?
Which bank do you have your account in.
how far is the bank from here
What is the solution for the problem?
Which is the best plan for unlimited calling?
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Neha, How may I assist you?
I want to change my home address in my back account
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Rajesh, How may I assist you?
I am not getting proper network on my mobile.
How do i check my account balance?
What is my credit limit?
I want to change my bill plan
I use Lenovo laptop to do my office work
I want to change my bill plan
What are the latest offers on postpaid
What kind of account facility does this bank offer
What are the best plans available for data card
What are the best plans for my number
What are the main reasons that you have not opened an Internet bank account yet
Have you applied for credit?
How to apply for Visa
How to open a jan dhan account in bank?
To stop payment of a lost or stolen please instruct your branch in writing to stop payment giving the cheque no. date, amount and payee’s name.
What are fee applies for using CREDIT CARD?
What are fee applies for withdrawing money from other bank ATM using debit card?
I have not received balance after recharge
Whether there are any charges for using CARD at ATMs?
I want to activate international roaming on my number
Do you ever count your steps when you walk?
What are the different connection types available for a participant?
What should be taken care to have better visibility?
Do you claim for cab in your shift?
What is the tenure of Fixed Deposit?
Can I view Ramayan or other daily TV shops on my 3G handset ?
Can I view pay channels ?
How long shall it take to start tele-education service at my place?
How do I know the latest tariff plans?
Do you know that you can search anything on watson?
I am here to teach Watson hindi language.
Watson is learning Hindi language.
How May I help You today
I have blocked my credit card then how can someone make payment through it
What is Standing Instruction?
Where is your native place?
I need to make a demand dfraft
I want to open a fixed deposit account
Please change my billing address.
Please stop my data services.
I want to deactivate Hello Tunes
How can i enable hello tune?
how can I use Conference feature? Do I need to pay extra to avail this?
I am sunaina,doing job in IBM
Do you need the aadhar card to process the home loan?
Hi, I am calling because I received a wrong bill for August month.
Hello, I've some queries regarding opening a locker. Can you please help me on this?
how do I apply for loans?
how do I transfer my bank account?
How do i disable paper bill for my postpaid connection
Good Morning, How may I help.
The account number is 12345678901.
can you help me with my ATM pin, it seems it is not working.
what is my Data balance
How do I get an itemized bill?
My telephone number is
Where my data is consumed more?
I want to make a change to my subscription pack?
I want to understand my current usage charges
Will it cost anything to change my plan?
WHAT IS YOU DAILY BASIS NEED AND EXPANSE
How do I know the current status of Porting request?
Nice to meet you.
have a nice day
Please activate data on my number
i want full detail on balance deduction
i want new tariff plan information on roaming
i want to change name in my fixed account
i have some sim related questions
What can I do for you?
Please try again!
What are you angry at?
In 1774 the Spanish Navy ship Santiago, under Juan Pérez had entered and anchored in the inlet at Nootka Sound
What are call management services?
What is SMS Directive?
Can I Port to Tata Docomo in some other circle, if I already have a Tata Docomo Number?
Can I make STD call without “0” and “+91”?
When will I receive my Credit Card PIN?
How to deactivate free call services?
Am I required to be connected to internet to get the free call credit?
Will I get the free min if the Ad is expired?
Will I be able to use Roaming services in Jammu & Kashmir, Assam, North East, Andaman & Nicobar Islands AND Lakshadweep Islands?
Whoâ€™s your celebrity crush?
How do I subscribe for International Roaming?
How do I update my Mobile number/Email address for my credit card?
What fictional character do you wish you could meet?
You will be charged a monthly rental of Rs.99 when any of the following chargeable events are performed while on International Roaming.
Would you rather spend five days exploring Disney or New York City?
Whose parents do/did you wish you had?
Do I need a special handset to use this service?
How can I check my outstanding bill amount and other details?
I want the User ID and Password for my credit card login?
How can I opt for SI (Standing Instructions) or ECS (Electronic Clearance System)?
Would you rather be the most popular kid in school or the smartest kid in school?
What surfing speeds will I get at the Tata Docomo Wi-Fi hotspot?
How can I change/ correct my Date of Birth (or) surname on my credit card?
when will you return?
I am a supplementary card member. Is this facility applicable to me?
Can I see details of my account online?
How can I change the Auto Debit option in Credit Card from minimum amount due to total amount due or vice versa?
Name a product or service you love so much that youâ€™d happily be that companyâ€™s spokesperson.
How can I check my outstanding and due date information?
How can I update my alternate contact number?
From where can I get the auto debit form?
What happens if I consume all my free usage and I am still left with validity?
What if I made an excess payment in two different transactions for the same card number?
Whatâ€™s it like being you right now?
How will my payment get adjusted in case of cash withdrawal?
Whom should I approach regarding queries related to EDC machine?
How to generate ATM PIN for add-on card
Why has my credit card application been rejected?
Please correct me if I am wrong.
How are you?
Will you sing me a Beatles' song?
My previous bill is having discrepancy in total sms
You are too ready to speak ill of others.
Cancer can be cured if discovered in time.
Please read all the documents carefully.
That’s awesome.
I want to have internet banking facility for my Corporate Account
how bank decide maturity value of the fixed deposit?
When the amount in your fixed deposit is matured you can go to bank and withdraw it.
I find foreign languages very interesting.
i am not getting proper network in my phone
I cannot see interest credited in my account
I want to Link my accounts with other branches
Let's let the workers go home early today.
We regret the inconvenience !
i have not received the demand draft till now
What is the limit for draft issue and third party transfer
What is my portability status?
I want to know my billing date
please issue a new credit card.
What documents are required to change the address of an entity?
What is my maturity Value of my fixed deposit.
What are the documents required for opening Current Account of a company?
I want to know about the adjustment amount in my previous month bill
What is Broadband
i want to apply for a Credit card.
My new connection is still not activated
How do I claim for refund?
4g speed is very good in vodafone
there are ibm approved tariff plans available in market
Bill Amount
Data Tariff
Thank you for holding the line Mr Gupta
I want a cheque book
Is the call to this contact center chargeable or free?
Coverage Problem
there are many promotional schemes going on nowadays
Temporary Suspension
I want to port my network
What does mean to say that the transactions are 'real-time online'?
Cumulative Term/Fixed Deposits" are Term/Fixed Deposits where interest is compounded quarterly and reinvested with principal amount.
The Customer agrees that in case of a joint account having mode of operation as anyone or survivor, anyone of the account holders
Recurring Deposit is a special type of term deposit which enables a depositor, particularly in a fixed income group
What can I do using NetBanking?
You should not have enmity with the crocodile if you are living in the water
travel to abroad
I want to check my data balance
I want to change my bill plan
What is my Bill plan
what is my skin colour?
what is my current plan
what is my total bill
what is my total bill
Where is the IBM headquarter.?
He is tall and strong.
He knows us very well.
I've made my decision.
What are the charges of ISD calls?
I am not able to talk with customer representative.
What is law
You still have 84 thousand rupees in your account.
The whole process usually just takes 2-3 days.
I'm paying you guys lots of money, and you can't even provide a decent service.
I've gone through the steps, believe me, I've checked everything before calling you!
Can you try one more time?
Oh, I'm so sorry to hear about that.
Are we still connected?
I need my bill plan in hard copy, how to get it?
How can I get refund of Deposit ?
pre closure of recurring deposit
Request you to please change my billing address
please explain me number port process
Is any specific process to change billing address ?
Is my billing address can be changed ?
I can give all necessary documents
what is your date of birth?
I want to understand process of changing billing address
Usually how much time it will take to change my address
please update customer details
Is i need to go any outlet to change address
i want customer feedback of Sales&Marketing department
How do I register for Email Statement/s
How can I change / update the address for my account?
My recharge failed but payment was successful, why so? When will I receive a refund?
what is the cost of data card?
I successfully recharged but din't receive money credit
please provide bill on email address
I have changed my handset can you please send me network settings
What is best recharge plan for me?
I want to know about the date of maturity and the amount I will get on maturity.
What is the minimum number of calls I make every month?
What is the Interest Rate you are offering on the RD?
What is the Minimum Number of ATM's transactions i can make using the ICICI Bank?
How can i reset my Credit Card ATM PIN?
Its raining outside
how can I link my adhar card with account
What will you do if customer abuses you on the phone?
please deactivate my jio sim.
From when are you facing internet connectivity issue.
How much data balance do I have?
my handset is dead
Do you know the common risk associated with BPO’s and how will you cope with them?
Thanks for your support.
i have work to do
I want to transfer this SIM card on my name
I work for RD Customer IBM project
I want to apply for internet banking
what is my office address
I want to travel across the world
This is a network reset issue
let me concentrate in work
are you able to connect internet now
what is your name?
Can I switch from current pre-paid subscription to post-paid with new Mobile operator?
I am happy that you are here
I am a software engineer
I would like to check the balance in my savings bank account.
How many months in a year?
What is the area of USA
how can i get a locker?
What is the issue?
hello world
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Pushpi, How may I assist you?
i am done with work
My CVV number is not clear on my card.
I need to know my account balance
we too are helpless
i want to apply for a personal loan
I want to know the balance in my recurring deposit account
How will I get to know whether my recharge transaction was successful?
Can I manage my account Online?
how may i help you
how can I increase my credit limit for my phone
How to know about call forwarding services on my number ?
How to change data plan on my number ?
Does 4G cost more while national roaming?
Can I have my name as callertune
I am not getting the promised speed as per my plan?
what are the documents required for personal loan?
How much is the interest rate on the personal loan of amount 5 lakhs?
We are already working on this issue and estimated time to resolve this issue is 48 hour.
what is my bank balance?
Did you have your lunch?
I am facing network problem in my area
You have an issue with your network
I want to receive a duplicate bill
i want this deducted
i am not going with this plan anymore
i want my number to be transferred to another sim
My issue is pending from so many days
i want to link mu all bank account
Please tell me rate cutter plans.
i want my date on bank account closer to me extended
I am working in IBM India
Where are you from?
Mind your own business
What is my Name ?
let's go to play.
how can I update my baking password ?
Can I pay my Credit Card bill online ?
The ATM did not issue cash / issued less cash , but my account has been debited.
How can I request an ATM card?
How do I dispute a transaction on my ATM card?
How do I temporarily lock my card?
Is safe custody applicable for both pre-paid and post-paid users?
EMI facility is not available for Corporate Cards.
If EMI conversion is done through Mobile Banking Application, SMS will be received on registered mobile number on Mobile Banking Application
What is third party money transfer ?
I have problem with network in this area
How much time it will take to change my credit limit
The savings bank account number contains eleven digits.
I would like to cancel my Demamd Draft
How the amount from my fixed deposit be given
Press 1 for balance 2 for Data balance 9 to talk to our executive
when is my Data Starting
Do you like to speak english?
How can I help you ?
I am a Robot.
I want to change my premium date
What are various Tariff plans for Vodafone and JIO.
breakfast at 9 a.m
I will make the payment thru net banking
If I'm on a Family SharePlan will I be penalized for going back to a single-line plan?
what I shall do to add one more mobile number to the existing family plan
Calls to and from the numbers you remove will continue to be unlimited during the day the change was made.
We apologize, but we do not currently offer shipping to that region.
I need to update my billing address
how to pay my bill
How can i help you?
Can I convert my overdraft amount into EMI?
I will update you shortly
what is the difference between savings and current account
What is the discounted tariff for postpaid connection?
You can compare it to your current data plan and let us know
What are the documents required to open a bank account?
I could not understand
Can i change my current plan.
What are the fees and charges of Basic Savings Bank Deposit Account ?
I want to close my mobile number
I want to change my current plan
Tan Tanaa Tan Tann Tan Tara...
How much is my bill
I am not able to make the calls
What is my data balance
How to discontinue my SIM?
Do value added services charge on monthly basis?
As I can see the request for passbook was raised a day ago.
How does an NRI correct his/her position if the purchased shares / convertible debentures are in excess of the prescribed limit, if any?
Can I make use of electronic (NEFT/RTGS/Internet Banking etc.) mode?
Do I require PAN / Form 60 of the account holder to be submitted for cash deposits in NRO accounts?
Will cash transaction charges be levied if I deposit/withdraw money from my account in excess of free limits?
When is the late payment fee charged on credit card?
How do I redeem my ICICI Bank Rewards?
How can I block my Credit Card?
What security do I have to furnish?
What are the tax benefits of taking a Housing Loan?
I am a supplementary card member. Is this facility applicable to me?
The number you are trying to call is out of coverage area.
How to redeem Payback reward points online?
I have received a call to provide the details of card like card number, CVV number and OTP. Can I provide the details?
How do I obtain an ICICI Bank Credit Card?
Can I get the interest calculation sheet for the interest charged on credit card?
You are very valuable to us, Please stay with us.
How to generate ATM PIN for add-on card
Please tell me why rupees 200.00 was charged from my saving account?
Is this card offered free? Is there any fee payable on renewal?
I am experiencing very bad voice quality in my network connection
What are the benefits provided by ICICI Bank credit card?
When you open a fixed deposit with bank then you are lending money to the bank and it pays you interest.
And interest that is earned on fixed deposits is taxable in the hands of the depositor.
I have only five hundred rupees notes
I would like to know, some information on the telephone banking services offered by you
What are call management services?
How can I activate the Call Wait/Call Hold feature on my handset?
How do I access my account?
I want to change my postpaid plan?
I promise to personally keep you updated on the status of your request so you’re never left in the dark.
How can i change ATM pin?
Sir your current bill plan ***
Where do i spend money in whole month.
Do i need to register my new handset with old sim
Please enable DND on my number.
I want my address to be changed as per my Aadhar card adress.
How Credit Card Payment be done through Internet Banking?
What is Corporate Banking ?
My name is Parwez. How can I assist you today?
My bills are wrong
Choose between tenure options of 6, 9, 12, 18 and 24 months.
Number four
please Restore exempt service quickly
Could you please give me more information about the cards available?
Can 4G SIM be utilized under 3G and 4G network
your mobile is out of coverage area
I want to know the reason behind the last balance deduction ?
Can i get bills on my mail ?
Hi how are you?
Please Press One
Please Press Four
I want a interest certificate for my Home loan account to be submitted for income tax proof purpose.
how do I turn my phone off
How will i know my ATM pin if i forgot it
I have a mobile sim related query.
in this plan, how many free calls do i get?
alright then, see you tomorrow
I want to open a Joint account
come here and go there
you are doing awesome
just now party started
i will see godess in you buddy what should i do
What is the process to do the number portability
how to credit money in the account
after switching off the mobile take out your sim card and after 30 seconds put that back into the mobile.
Banks offer many different channels to access their banking and other services.
i used to run 5 km daily
With Nationwide MNP, now you can port your mobile number to any Mobile network in any state / telecom circle. Even you can port to current same operator in another state / telecom circle.
Transfer my call to your supervisor
Hello Watson
I want to receive my last 3 bills
Home loan rate is 8.35%
please be noted that charges will be on prorata basis
I want to activate international roaming pack
do you need any more details
Please check if the modem's cables are attached?
i want to eat burger
How to change Email ID/phone Number to my account/Credit card/ debit card?
entire amount isn't getting reflected
Please note my address carefully
Do you have your Debit card number?
Are you able to change by billing address
can u please repeat address
How can I recharge my prepaid mobile?
How can I recharge my postpaid number and pay utility bills through online?
My mood is really off.
I am facing the mobile signal problem at my place where i live.
Do I need to keep any fixed deposit in your bank prior to opening a locker?
Your network services are really bad.
Please tell me about interest rates
How do i enable paper bill for my postpaid connection
What is the time taken to realize outstation cheques?
Apologies for the inconvenience
I want to change my ATM pin number
Invalid password
Anything that has a Remember icon is something that you want to keep in mind.
What are documents required for Account Opening
I could not recognize your details.
There is lot of disturbance in my landline.
Is there a way to see the same online ?
Please send bill on my mail
i want to know the validity status
how old are you
i want to give feedback on customer service
Don't print unnecessarily
Can I view my bill messages online?
I am not getting reminders on my registered mobile number
I wan to open a new bank account in your bank
Can you please share some details to verify your account details?
What is procedure to port mobile no?
How may I help you?
Please provide me best solution
I want to check my validity of plan.
If the customer stays in credit, or has an account without an overdraft facility, they will be able to avoid these.
how to contact the bank customer care?
How can I keep an eye on my account and check my balance?
what is process to increase credit limit of ATM
i want to change my preferred language from english to hindi
Hi, I am Watson, Whats your name?
Is jaipur is pink city of india?
Writing up customer activity reports for managers.
could you please change my account number
what is your name?
How’s the weather ?
i want to know remaining home loan amount?
don't judge the book by its cover
I will eat my breakfast
how i can apply for education loan?
what document is required for car loan ?
I want to stop the payment for the cheque I have issued
you  need to  recharge your account
its raining today
Is it raining
How to search an application in phone
Please set a Standing instruction for 5 years to debit my Saving Account and credit the recurring deposit account on every month 5th day.
What is the current Home loan rate of interest of your bank?
What is the frequency of revision of Rate of interest?
How much percentage I can get Home Loan?
How can i pay my bill
How are you?
Can you provide me some free minutes on buying a new connection
I want to make auto-debit for my monthly recurring deposit. Please help.
What I can do for you ?
Reactivation of my data plan has been done without my knowledge.
I did not get any refund of my non use plan.
Change owner details I need to contact
What is important for you ?
Please enter the number to transfer the call
Can I access the remote CCTV footage using 3G?
Where you do you found best tea in India
How can I activate 3G service?
does the new bill comes to the changed billing address
You are talking to Raj
Of-course you can
How I can assist  you today .
Can I take your call on hold for two minute.
Thank you for calling in IBM
How many times I can get my mobile number switched from one service provide to the other?
In case of lost SIM, what needs to be done?
I want to learn Watson in English,
On Aug 15 1947 India had its independence
what is the best mobile plan for me ?
what is the best mobile plan for me ?
“For legal reasons, I need to ask you some scripted questions. Is this okay?”
To speak with a Sales representative, press 1.
To reach our Billing department, press 3.
To repeat menu options, press 9
What type of cards can be used at an ATM?
What are the services/facilities available at ATMs?
What should one do if he forgets PIN or the card is sucked in by the ATM?
What should be done in case during the cash withdrawal process, cash is not disbursed by the account gets debited for the amount?
How many days maximum would the bank require to re-credit the account for such wrong debits?
What is a bank cheque fee?
I want to reset my ATM PIN
Can you waive off the late payment fee as the issue was with mobile app while making the payment before the due date
How much i have to pay know
what about my compliant
I am unable to use internet
I want to change my profile details.
What documents do I need to get a new prepaid connection?
there you select roaming packs
I want for Call ringtone and cricket score
could you please resend it?
how i can reduce stress on desk with regular exercise?
tell me the registered mobile number
Do you charge for the detail bill
I have paid my monthly bill a week ago. But I can still the amount as not paid in mobile app. Can you please assist?
I want to swap my SIM
Convert postpaid to prepaid
You can also pick one from any mobile store
I am unable to reset my ATM PIN
What are you doing ?
what is the rate of interest of car loan
What is my data Balance?
What do you want to learn today
Give me some example of it
How can i assist you?
what are some of the traditional methods of family planning?
i need better tariff plan
Would like to check if you have any EMI conversion options
i want more information on this plan
Is there any interest would be charged
I want to change my bill plan
If i get pregnant while using a hormonal contraceptive, will it harm my baby?
Yes we Do provide network coverage in Jammu & Kashmir
the box he found was empty
you will be benefited by our product
I want to activate call conference service on my number
The Data speed is low in my area.
I love gyming and dancing.
In case the compensation is not credited as mandated, what recourse does the customer have?
Can i make the payment for policies not owned by me?
My current ATM card is not working
Which Savings Account will be debited in case of multiple savings accounts being linked to a debit card ?
I want to open a current account
Is there any alternate contact no for customer care?
I want to get my account closed please close it.
Thanks again, Good bye!
How can i help you today ?
I’m really sorry you’re experiencing this problem.
I want to publish my own book
I need to debit 10000 rupees from my bank account.
i am on leave today
what is your name
where do you live
Due to their importance in the financial stability of a country, banks are highly regulated in most countries
I have some extra charges in the current month bill , can you please tell me how I can correct that.
Mobile Number Portability (MNP) is a facility for subscribers to switch networks / Service Providers, still retaining the current Mobile number.
Thanks for your help.
come lets go to eat.
what is your alternative phone number?
how can i change my address in the system
show savings in PF and mutual funds
I am not satisfied with your services
My account is locked
you are our loyal customer?
there is a bag on the desk
The King of North.
I want to enhance my credit limit for credit card
Tonight I am going home with my Family
My card got stuck into ATM machine while withdrawing cash. What can I do and whom should I immediately contact?
I want to know the Port out status of my number.
my billing address is incorrect.
Please correct my billing address.
how do i block my card
Complaint against ATM withdrawal
What is the calling tariff of my plan?
How may i assist you
Will I be asked for my Credit Card PIN at every POS terminal, be it domestic or international?
Where can I find the list of restaurants under the ICICI Bank Culinary Treats program?
I want to change the status in by CIBIL from Settled to Normal. Whom should I approach?
no sir. This is not correct
Do I still qualify for Mobile to Mobile Calling if I have Friends & Family?
form where i can get the latest exchange rate?
hey ,I've still got problems with my phone. I already called 2 hours ago , do you remember?
What bills can I pay with Standing Instruction facility?
Whom to contact for the status of dispute initiated on credit card.
What are the different scenarios in which I can raise a dispute?
Can I close Fixed deposit account and keep the credit card active?
How can I modify the Standing Instruction on Debit Card details set for a biller
Last week I did an RTGS of Rs.350000 but due to a slowdown  on account of bank website my transaction got failed and I haven't received the refund yet.
When and how can I redeem my JPMiles?
Is there a limit to the amount of Hand Picked reward points I can redeem at one go?
At what time during the day/week is the RTGS & NEFT service is available?
Cognizant:When will be the transactions shared with my employer?
How do I download an invoice?
What is post-paid subscription?
what are the existing offers for my number?
Service Tax will be applicable on Processing Fee, Foreclosure fee and interest amount and will be billed in the same statement in which the above charges are levied.
All and any disputes arising from the EMI facility shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts
Bill gates is founder of microsoft
brinjal is a vegetable
Dr. Rajendra Prasad was the first president of republic India
October 2 is celebrated in India as Gandhi Jayanti
I was stuck in traffic today while on my way to office.
How may I help you?
What I can do for you ?
Thank you for staying on the call
Can I get a data plan for 10 days
When i am going to be come manager.
Change Language
Transfer of Call
Status Of Mobile
3G DEACTIVATE
the number your are dialing is currently switched off at this moment
Is i can apply with help of you
I have lost my sim
Please active 4 g network on my phone number
Is i can cancel my demand draft through net banking
what is mode of payment of cancelled demand draft
I want to upgrade my credit card
Please correct my bill amount
I need detailed bill
i want a receipt of debit card
What are the cheque book charges for a Reimbursement Account?
How can I modify my account details?
Tractor Loans Charges in detail?
I want to know the latest offers on postpaid
what is the process to porting the mobile connection?
Has your work finished?
Cricket is national game.
India is a democratic country
May I help you?
please tell the my mobile balance?
what is the status of my complaint
How long will it take to update a change of address
What is your complaint's number
I want to change my postpaid mobile number billing cycle
My wife is a professor in collage.
I go for long drive over the weekend.
For verification,can I get your name and birth date?
I need to know about a affordable roaming plan
What’s your job?
Is there any initial charge to activate caller tune on my phone except monthly fee?
what are the different data cards
what is DND service ?
i want to apply for car loan
i want to update my passbook
I am getting a system error on my screen .
we are regret inconvenience!
What is the current balance of my account now ?
Why Hello Tunes has been applied to my Number without permission
May I know for which network operator Company you are asking?
You have charged Rs. 50 from my account which is wrong ?
May I know your name please?
Please return my amount in my account immediately.
Let me know the activation process right now ?
Please activate game plane in my account.
Please let me know when I will get my refund?
What is your call rates?
What’s that?
How do I check my IMEI number ?
Hi team, please help my mobile bill summary for the current month. Thank you.
How to reduce cellular data usage?
I want to know the status of my data pack request
I want to deactivate data pack
How many continents do we have?
When do we go home?
Your data pack has expired
How can i change my login and password for net banking.
I want to learn more about Watson
Thank you for waiting.
Hello my name is Rupal
namaste Alisha
what is the rate of interest on gold loan
you want this service monthly or yearly?
Please do it quickly.
What do you want?
The novel is very exciting.
What do you want to eat?
I am not able to call international number.
Mukesh is my best friend
i am unmarried girl, can i take joint home loan with my brother ?
What are the fees charged?
How do I manage my orders on Flipkart?
i want to raise complaint regarding network issue
What are your weaknesses?
Why do you want this job?
When were you most satisfied in your job?
What do you know about our company?
Do you have any questions for me?
How do you want to improve yourself in the next year?
What are the data plans activated on my number?
India is a great country.
Could you help me with the latest data plans available?
Please tell me the process for applying for a savings account .
will there be anything else that you need madam?
National roaming is by default available on your prepaid connection
what is my total outstanding amount
Please visit the Airtel Store to swap your SIM. Alternatively click here to have your sim home delivered.
What are the documents which I need to submit for a locker?
If you wish to activate packs, please visit airtel/IR.You may also download myairtel app and activate IR packs from Manage Account >> Manage Services section.
You can get the record of missed calls by subscribing to Missed Call Alerts service
I need an itemized bill for my number.
which provides the details of the calls attempted on the customer MDN
You can activate this service by sendingSMS
Can my current Mobile Operator authorized to stop my Porting request
How do I know, whether my porting request is accepted or not
My current mobile number is a Premium mobile number. Do I have to pay any premium charges to new mobile operator
what is your name
Could you tell us about the technology they use?
how to pay bill  online
This is a useful set of information for watson
How to close a joint bank account
How Do I change the mobile number of my internet and phone banking?
What are the documents required to buy anew sim card?
What is the procedure to add a beneficiary account to transfer funds?
Ram Nath Kovind is president of india
I want to avail the locker facility in your bank
Yahoo.. Google Facebook, twitter
Text messaging, or texting, is the act of composing and sending electronic messages,
In one year there are 365 days.
Holi is a festival of colors.
I want to know the minimum balance for my savings account
How civil score is helpful.
My billing address is not correct, I need to change it.
How can I be sure TDR is independent?
How long will it take?
I wish to change my billing address.
No attestation is required.
I wish to change my billing address.
Should I upload the documents online to update the billing address?
Shall I send the required documents by post?
what is trade finance ?
What is the tenor one can have a Fixed Deposit for?
What are the benefits of Fixed Deposit?
What is the min. / max. amount I can invest?
What are The Different Types of Fixed Deposits?
I want to block my credit card as it has been stolen today.
Will I need to provide any referral for opening a Fixed Deposit account?
What is my FD amount, tenor, interest %?
Who cannot open a Fixed Deposit account with BAJAJ FINANCE LIMITED?
I need my FD certificate /Receipt
I am unable to track my FD certificate. Please assist.
Where can I view my Credit Card statement?
Does Bajaj Finance offer multiple interest payout options at maturity?
What is letter of credit?
What is a CVV number?
What are the fixed deposit interest rates offered by Bajaj Finance?
How to check if (Fixed Deposit) FD is created?
In which cities Bajaj Finance offer FD facility?
Is TDS deductible on the interest earned on term deposits?
How do I change the status of auto renewal facility of a fixed deposit?
Want to know why interest charges are levied on my credit card?
A DD is negotiable and its features are similar to Bill of Exchange and NOT a Check.
What if I select the wrong operator during Prepaid recharge?
What will happen if I enter incorrect mobile number?
What if I do not get any confirmation message from the operator on recharge?
What will happen if I enter incorrect mobile number?
Do we know each other?
Are there minimum or maximum limits for RTGS transfers?
It can be made from your savings or checking account and is most commonly used to make payments to a mortgage, car loan, or to pay bills.
What will be the outgoing call charges in Roaming?
what is my bill amount?
i want to understand what are the different plans available
What is the time frame to report Debit Card transaction dispute?
Which documents are to be submitted with respect to the failed/ disputed transaction?
What does a customer of other Telecom Operators need to do to switch over to BSNL to enjoy free roaming?
what is my current data balance?
My internet is not working for the past 3 days. I am not happy with the service provided.
I want to activate DND service
How will I connect 3G handset with my computer ?
What will be done with the post dated cheques if I request to change the mode of repayment/account for my loan?
My Account Balance was deducted by Rs. 1000
Is there anything in particular you’re looking for?
I want to know about Porting service.
your voice is breaking
My bill amount is incorrect
we will figure this out
My bill amount is incorrect
how long will it take
How soon will my account be suspended?
what is the tax structure of India?
what are documents required as proof for address change?
How do I get my Caller tune activated?
What is the toll free number to activate the Caller Tunes?
How to get the claim for mobile bill?
Recharge online
The word Hindi has originated from the Persian word Hind, which means the land of Indus river
What is the eligibility to qualify for the offer?
there is no electricity in my home today
I am moving out of country. How do I make arrangements for a new service or for closing my existing service?
Are there any processing charges for booking Encash?
Can I ask for a cheque or NEFT transfer for the Easy Money amount?
I am an add-on cardholder, can I book Easy Money on my card?
I need credit card statement last one year
What is the cancellation procedure for Easy Money?
Why should I get my Driving License & Passport Number registered?
When does the grace period starts?
Ok. thanks
What is my new balance after I recharge my account?
Yeah. it's working now
What are the Service Charges for NRI account?
How do I make Stop Payment of Cheque?
What are the types of loan products available?
Can I foreclose the loan?
Can an investor under PIS make an investment on repatriation basis as well as non-repatriation basis?
I want a duplicate bill
How can i add a new beneficiary for online fund transfer?
What is your name?
The charge was for a RS3500 purse, but I did not buy it
I have not received bills for month of August yet. Please do the needful and send me the bills.
team has developed a prototype for the client
yeah sure... it's 9999999999.
what is my mobile bill
I want to change my bill Plan
I WILL BE LATE TO OFFICE TODAY
Due to server down issue we are unable to browse website
There is some System Error
What is a Bluetooth dongle?
you can change your plan only after next month
We have introduced new data plans for your family at nominal prices.
How to DEACTIVATE the current plan ?
Do you have any previously logged ticket number for this problem.
The cvv number on your card is a 3 digit number
May i know your date of birth?
can i convert my credit card expenses to EMI
On roaming, incoming call are payable
HOW TO MAKE A PRESENTATION IN WORD?
what is compliance.?
HOW TO MAKE BINARY FILES?
Ibm India Private Ltd
My Sametime is not working
Would you sign here please at the bottom.
Yes that's the bank's commission.
Can you email my this month's bill.
Where are you going ?
what is cheque book
i want to reset my ATM pin.
Download the Airtel app and add your prepaid account on it using the ‘Add account’ link under the ‘my accounts’ section on the homepage.
what is teh difference between saving and current account
please wait while we retrieve your records
thanks for calling
what is my bill amount?
what is forms 26A
Please block my SIM card as I lost it.
My bill amount is incorrect
how do you do?
All agents are currently busy, please hold the line or try after sometime.
May I put your call on hold
Thank you for sharing your details, we will get back to you soon.
what is the current balance in my fixed deposit?
What is the best investment option available in your bank?
What are last three transactions done through my bank account?
What is your name
do we need to have account open in the same branch?
Please let me know the ATM usage charges on my bank account number in Metro and Non-Metro city.
i am not able to connect to internet
My Account number is 123456.
I will take your request.
Thank you for the information mam. As per our systems data you did paid your last bill.
you can simply disregard the amount indicated in the bill and continue enjoying our services
You will not be charged any monthly rental for national roaming services
Calling rates will be as per your tariff plan
How can I subscribe to national and international roaming
Changes as per country and operator
I want to stop the payment for the cheque which I had issued.
Will I get new SIM card from new Service provider / Mobile operator or I can use the old SIM itself
If you do not want any commercial advertisement messages or calls then please enter this code to activate DND(do not disturb) services. Thank you!
The itemized bill should clearly show the breakup of every call charges.
The value added service is costing me too much charges.
my Plan Family- Extend the benefits of your tailored plan to your family or friends
How much time will it take for ownership transfer?
Accesibility
dont drink and drive
How can I get a demand draft payable @ Pune
How do i change the e-mail which is connected to my bank account
If I missed paying one of my EMI installment, what would be the penalty?
My bill amount is incorrect
Can I make the payment through Cheque ?
I want to deactivate my data plan.
Do I need a lawyer?
How can I be sure TDR is independent?
Do you have network coverage in Dadri area.
How can i recharge my number.
How can i check my balance.
Please send me email after problem is resolved
I would like to know my remaining money in my account.
Alternate number Activation
how is things going on?
I want to change my current billing address.
How long does it take to transfer (port) my number?
Please call me
I want to MNP my number.How should I go about it?
What kind of clients do you work for?
You can activate DND from your mobile
I want to understand my current usage charges
do you want to learn something new?
My account statement is incorrect!
Please Press Five
I have received a defective product and need refund for it
Loans for professionals Interest Rates in detail
What i have to do if i forget my ATM pin
How can i know my ATM pin
we shall meet one day
What is the current balance outstanding on my loan?
How do I avail the roaming feature on my Pre-paid connection?
How can I check the validity of the sim ?
what is the process to change my bill plan.
How can I use the GPRS service on my prepaid connection?
water is not hot
what is my bill amount
can i have some discount.
Would you please let me know my current plan?
network is very week in my location
what are  the annual charges for a bank locker?
How many types of roaming services are available?
how to learn a new language
I cannot see my account details.
For the broken period beyond completed quarters, simple interest is calculated on the cumulated deposit amount for remaining number of days.
In case of premature withdrawal the interest is calculated on the principal amount for completed quarters and then for the balance period
The interest on the TDS amount from April 1st till maturity of the deposit is adjusted from the interest payable to the client.
the existing deposit would be subject to penal rate of interest as prescribed by the Bank on the date of deposit.
If such nomination is not made at the time of making the Deposit, it may be made by the single holder
Hello..may i know who is speaking.
How may i help you.
Number Three
I want to give feedback on the poor customer service.
I am the best
give me please few minutes
my brother is fine
My credit card has been blocked, please unblock my card, so that i would be able to continue my shopping.
how is your sister
I will make my mobile phone bill payments in time this year.
I want to increase my data packs.
Please let me know, when can I enhance my credit limit?
can you confirm what is my current plan
Good Morning, How may i help you ?
Good Morning, I am facing issue with coverage and unable to make any calls since night
could you please provide your location details
I want to block my debit card,
Are you planning a birthday party?
I can do every thing.
Whatâ€™s the best part about having siblings?
When do my PAYBACK points expire?
Can I use Mobile Phone Backup service from any connection, be it pre-paid or post-paid?
How do I pay my credit card bill?
How is it different from conventional Video conferencing systems?
How do I subscribe for the Web conferencing services?
I have a comment or an idea for the website. Whom should I contact?
What can I do,my phone bills are too high?
Who can take Tele-education service?
Can I watch IPTV while taking lecture through tele-education?
How do I check my existing plan charges?
What will happen to my existing balance in case I stay with Tata Docomo?
If I do MNP what will be the impact in my bill?
I want to check the CIBIL report. Whom should I contact?
How can I change or update my communication address in my credit card account?
Will I be affected by the date and time of device?
Will application work properly on a Wi-Fi connection?
Why is the message “Ad inventory not available” displayed?
Can I make a payment more than the Total Amount Due as shown in the statement?
I have chosen “Free Call” option and I watched the ad completely. However a Privacy Alert screen is being displayed stating “This application is trying make an outbound call. Continue?”
If you do not receive any network whilst roaming or you receive fluctuating network bars, in that case you can select the network manually.
Do I need to register my new Chip and PIN card for 3D Secure for online transactions?
Why didn’t the recipient of Track Me / Track Me Day service get my tracking SMS?
I want to convert a transaction into EMI. Will I be eligible for reward points on the transaction after conversion?
Can I know the status on credit card payments?
How to complain about slow broadband speed ?
How do I know if my mobile number is registered with ICICI Bank?
How do I check my Bills on the Website?
If you had to pick a new name for yourself, what name would you pick?
If customer opts for foreclosure or cancellation of EMI facility, customer will have to inform the customer service of the bank for discontinuing the EMI facility.
I have it, go ahead!
I want to activate music planमैं संगीत योजना को सक्रिय करना चाहता हूं
How are you?
What is pre-EMI interest?
What are the usages of credit cards?
how did you like our product ?
thank you for your patience
Turn Off Mobile Data When Not in Use
Do you have any SIM card
Network Down calls not working
I can understand your issue
Do I pay for my parking in advance?
i want to change my bank password
To speak to our customer care executive press 0
Why my SMS service is not yet activated?
how can I update my nominne in the account
Why am I billed for roaming even when I have not visited any roaming location in the last billing period?
What do I do if I have a faulty or damaged sim
How do I understand my bill? (Bill Explanation)
But it will be easier once you are familiar with alphabets
I need a new cheque book, please let me know the process
Hindi is an easy language
what is current humidity
please activate DND on my number.
Please activate DND on my number.
Who decides the exchange rate?
i want to change my loan installment
I need to do one o one with my manager
i am feeling sleepy.
I want to grow myself within the IBM
Sir, As I can see Call waiting is already activated on your number. Can you please check in your phone that the settings are correct ?
If I will invest in the just now explained SIP plan what is my final maturity amount after completion of the scheme?
Please submit all required document till 20th of the month
Watch you tube & hotstar in HD without buffering
what is my bill amount
Is there a way I can be confirming my balance other than through the ATM?
How to get my surname corrected in the records?
i will do it my self
My bill amount is incorrect
please do nogt use abusive words
How may i help you?
how are you sir ?
I dont like studying.
In case the compensation is not credited as mandated, what recourse does the customer have?
Who do I speak to for a billing dispute?
When will I receive my ATM-cum-Debit Card and PIN?
Do you provide network coverage in Jammu & Kashmir
Can a replacement ATM card be issued in lieu of lost/damaged card ?
what are the charges for video call facility
What is the validity of ATM-cum-Debit Card?
the mud clung to his shoes
I want to activate call waiting service on my number
I want to know the procedure to submit the documents.
do you provide MMS facility to your customer?
Customer service
thank you for calling, have a great day.
Can you please confirm me your name ?
If i have two or more linked account on my card can i withdraw through this option?
Will i get print slip for using ultra fast cash?
How much Amount can i transfer through this option?
work is worship
How to change the monthly plan
Do I have any offers for this month?
What are the service facilities that will be offered to me?
What are the various documents I need to submit for opening a Fixed Deposit account?
How can I check my settings in my mobile for 3G network?
What is a reminder?
What do you understand by Intercompany Settlement?
Tell us about an invoice discrepancy that you discovered and how you resolved the discrepancy.
Tell us about your experience in accounts payable.
what do they mean by account payable
I wish to add a nominee/change the nominee details on my FD.
I wish to update my billing address.
Today I came to office on my bike.
I wish to change my billing address.
i put up in delhi
The minimum amount of Deposit which can be placed with the Bank shall be Rs 10,000
Interest rates are money market rates for tenors upto 6 months and quarterly compounded rates for tenors of 6 months and above.
interest is calculated on the principal amount for completed quarters and then for the balance period, interest is calculated for completed months
The present time’ is the most valuable time
Do not run away from life, but lived it wisely
Do not on luck, be dependent on the character
How to activate text services on my number ?
i am going
I want to generate new ATM PIN over the phone, Can you please guide me
Tax is deducted at source on interest on Term/Fixed Deposit held by the resident if the interest paid or payable by the branch
what are the different saving schemes available in your bank?
I want to take a home loan?
Good Morning, how may I help you ?
Loan against Car Charges in detail
Thank you for holding. Here’s the answer to your question
Im not getting proper coverage
Alert me to pay all my bills before last date of submission
Pharmacists, also known as chemists and druggists, are healthcare professionals who practice in pharmacy, the field of health sciences focusing on safe and effective medication use
Please tell your name
may i know your problem
you are our prime customer
Let’s take a look at this.
Can you check the date of the bill?
Is there any different between night and day tariffs?
I think I’ll take the tablet upgrade.
Is my aadhaar number linked to my account?
I want to deactivate roaming service
How can I get a duplicate SIM card ?
What are the roaming charges on my prepaid plan?
I have not received bill for this month.
What is a home loan?
What is you Manager's Name?
which plan is best for my phone
how can i get to know about plan validity?
I need help on my data plan and new plans available
i am unhappy with your customer services.
i have already asked several times to send hard copy of my bill but not received it.
i want to change my data plan to 4G.
Your call is important to us
Please provide your feedback as it helps us to improve our services.
I am testing watson.
What is maturity date of my loan
How May I help you ?
I want to pay my bill
I want to change my bill plan
how to open a demat account
Where is my Debit Card?
Please generate duplicate bill
What do you want to say.
Dear Customer,Stay Alert! Please do not share your credit card number,OTP or VBV password with any one.
What is status of my mobile
What is the last payment date on my loan
Can you provide me duplicate bill?
What is the maturity date of my loan?
Do you have any new promotion scheme?
what is my current plan
am i audible
my balance has been deducted
the account creation is getting error in site
DND cannot block your bank SMS alerts
I want to change my tariff plan
And also it should have high speed data connectivity.
I am not satisfied with the solution provided by you
I want to activate caller Tune
Why this service is still activated on my number?
I want to stop hard copy bill to my address
Please send a duplicate bill of my mobile connection
i want to add my family members to my family plan please help me out with this
I would like to pay my bill amount
Ok, let me try after 5 minute.
Is there any problem with mobile handset setting or something else ?
Do I have all the documentation I need to apply for the loan?
thank you for calling airtel
In India people do not cast your vote, they vote your caste
We are providing you a new plan with special offers.
i want to learn hindi.
i want to change the billing address
She forgot to feed her dog.
Thank you for calling customer care
How to open an excel ?
what are the new postpaid plans in telecom india
which was your first school
I want to deactivate my mobile caller tune
What are the rules in football
how to play chess
I want to see my Bill
Your account has been credited with 10000 Rupees.
How will you reset your ATM Pin?
Can Karnataka Bank card be used at any bank ATM in the country?
Do banks levy any service charge for use of other bank ATMs?
How long do you have to dispute a charge on your credit card?
What is the recourse when cash is not disbursed by an ATM but the amount gets debited to the account?
Do you have any best plan for calling purpose?
How can the existing NRI customers apply for ATM-cum-Debit Cards?
Can I access the service from overseas?
Rate the quality of our product
Please wait for a moment, system is fetching your account details
There is extraordinary chemistry that exists in long-term relationships
Which type of promotional activities attract customers?
Where do you live
Make your own food.
Where are you working
Playing and exercising is good for children.
i buyed  new mobile phone last month
In future net plan will be more cheaper than now.
I want you to change my billing cycle
What is National MNP?
What are call management services?
Are there any extra charges required to do National MNP?
How many times I can do national MNP - my job/business requires me to change location every 2/3 months can I apply for NMNP every time?
Can I use my credit card for international transactions?
Can anyone call the customer care or visit Branch and change the limit on my card?
I want to pay my bills.
Will there be any Data charges applicable for downloading and syncing of Ads?
Why is the message “Allow application to read/write data in device” being displayed?
My credit card is going to expire. When will I receive the renewal card?
Which lounges will I get an access to? Is this applicable for domestic airports as well?
How can I check my broadband speed?
Whom do I contact for other ICICI Bank Credit Card queries?
If you could be anywhere else right now, where would it be?
Please de-link my credit card from closed SB a/c User ID?
Will I be eligible for reward points on Cash withdrawal transactions on Credit Card?
If you were guaranteed to be successful in a different profession, what would you want to do?
Can I change my EMI/PLCC EMI billing date?
What if the Contactless Credit Card is lost or stolen?
Do I need to configure any special settings on my phone to use 3G?
Whatâ€™s the toughest decision you made today?
Whatâ€™s the toughest decision you made this year?
My broadband service is often interrupted, what can I do?
I need an NOC for my credit card.
What did your mother teach you?
Can I use my Chip and PIN credit card overseas?
Would every POS terminal ask for a PIN?
What is ICICI Bank Rewards?
I have update my new mobile number in my credit card account but still the OTP is received on my previous mobile number. What should I do?
Can I make the payment of amount due on card deducting the refund received from merchant?
Is this card offered free? Is there any fee payable on renewal?
What happens if my cheque gets delayed in the post beyond the payment due date for my credit card?
How do I open my Credit Card e-statement?
Are there any charges for redemption of reward points?
Is existing fixed deposit accepted as â€œguaranteeâ€� for ICICI Bank Insta Credit Card?
I want to update AADHAR information
How do I get your Cellular Pre-paid connection?
How do I make Payment of my bills?
How do I get a duplicate Bill?
Who is your father
I LOVE PIZZA
mobile bill
Who teaches you English ?
Post your queries here for help
Can you please activate my International roaming?
what is your work ?
change my bill plan
what is the amount of demand draft that you need?
Please give me the details of my current plan
Yesterday bank has deducted 1,000 rupees from my account? Can I know the reason?
Please send me a duplicate bill.
You are welcome.
Sir, would you like to know about the new offers?
Please send my bill.
At the end of the call you will receive feedback option. Kindly rate this call in the range of 1 to 5, with 1 being the lowest and 5 being the greatest
Please tell me about housing loan in detail
Sure, will help you
I am currently busy
Where can I see the annual fees of my credit card?
What happens if there is a problem with the biller or a specific charge on a bill?
What is the tenure of fixed deposit to apply for credit card against fixed deposit account?
How do I return unwanted items?
I applied for the offer but my transaction did not get through. Now I am unable to avail the offer.
Where can I find credit card number?
Are all my Credit Cards eligible for redeeming points via Internet Banking?
What is the procedure to activate the SIM?
Is 4G supported by your SIM?
Do I need to pay extra to get a new SIM?
Can I order Demand Drafts in Foreign Currency?
How can I replace my old SIM?
Do support respond on twitter?
Is 4G charges same as 3G?
How many call can I connect by conference?
Check my status of last 5 month recharge of my roaming plan
Please transfer my 2g plan to my new number ending with 9878
I need a payment receipt for my payment.
Subscribe my e-mail for promotional scheme related to 2g plan.
I want to know my unbilled amount.
Change my details registered to my mobile number ending with 4563
I am not able to connect to my Network
What information you need to validate my identity
how do i register for internet banking
The bank foreclosed on my property and plans to sell it at a sheriff's sale (or auction). Can you contact the bank today to help me stop the sale?
what is balance transfer on EMI ?
how can i convert my credit card expenses to EMI
can i pay credit card bill through check
what is the best available price of MOTOROLA G5?
what is my recent payment
I withdraw money from ATM but didn't get money
how much amount is need to pay on recent bill
please do not use abusive words otherwise I will have to disconnect your call
What type of cards can be used at Karnataka Bank ATM?
Does Bank bears any liability for unauthorized use of the Card?
Please tell me about your new bill plans.
I paid my shopping bill at Maestro enabled Merchant Establishment (POS). My account has been debited twice/account debited
After how many days will I get my money back?
Are customers eligible for compensation for delay beyond 7 working days ?
I have lost my SIM card
What is the minimum and maximum FD amount that can be requested from the ATM?
What is my bill amount
what is my current price plan and services
what do you want to study today?
I want to check Multiple Account Balance for account ending 3456
I need to change my mobile operator, please let me know the process of mobile portability
How are you?
I want to activate DND services on my number.
My phone is not working.
Can I offer both products and services on Flipkart?
What are the documents required to register as a seller on Flipkart?
What are your strengths?
What was the last project you led, and what was its outcome?
How do I request for a Plan/Package change?
Ok, I have it.
How can I check my credit balance?
I want to deactivate my 3G data plan
how much i need to pay extra
Customer : okay. Number is 7978813810 and Name Pritish.
What are the international roaming charges?
I want my account statement
what's the current interest rate for personal loans?
Do you plan to install a new tower in my locality as the reception is bad here?
I want to change my plan
Please make it quick
Does promoting Hindi language affect the Indian economy? How?
I want to change my address
Have a great day!
Please explain my current bill plan
Can an NRI sell the shares / convertible debentures purchased within the same settlement cycle?
Can I withdraw from an ATM in India?
I am an NRI. In which account can I deposit the cash?
I want to change the connection from prepaid to postpaid.
I want to change my bill plan
What is my bill amount?
Please notify me about the latest plan foe my mobile sim.
What is a Professional Loan?
What is the current rate of interest on Fixed Deposit schemes?
Sorry for inconvenience.
I want to purchase new sim card.
What is my Credit card bill for last month ?
What are the charges for roaming in post-paid connection?
Tell me where is nearest service center?
Recharge is not reflecting on my account
I want a plan where my bill comes within rs 500
What is my saving account balance
you please take a look at this for Rhonda?
What are you doing?
Where are my stuff.
Please tell me the status of my complaint .
I’m going to connect you with the  department. he can help you with this, he awesome!
What is the rate of interest of my homeloan
I AM GOOD GIRL
Boys are smart
what are the symptoms of typhoid?
In which class does your brother read ?
I am unable to make or receive calls
What are you doing?
I require demand draft of 20000 Rupees
How to activate Hello Tunes
Pls fill up this form and submit at counter 4
why is the balance deducted from my statement?
I want to change my mobile number
I want to deactivate ISD call feature
My name is Seera
I am trying to connect the network but unable to do so
Mera sim work nhi kar rha.
Please provide the tariff  details
this is available in plenty
Network signal is dropping when I get inside the house
Am I charged minute usages when calling a toll-free number?
I want to learn a foreign language
I want to apply for cheque book
I request you to issue me a duplicate SIM
Where will credits appear on my bill?
how much is my loan pending
Please stand in queue and maintain the silence.
what is your responsibilities towards family?
Chocolates are good source of energy
What is the loan rate in your bank
do you know their number?
I want to get my connection disconnected.
I am looking for new connection.
i usually hit to gym every morning
Can I port from one state / telecom-circle to other state / telecom-circle?
I am having some doubts
do you use credit card?
thank very much
he has long arms and legs
I just got a new laptop today
the paint hasn't tried yet
I want to eat Brinjal.
When I will get my debit card PIN ?
I want to order demand draft on my friend name
Set standing instruction for my phone bills
what is your name?
could you please change the billing date of my mobile?
i didn't activate this service.
I need to talk to senior management
Kindly provide the mentioned  attachments
how can i activate 4G on my phone?
I am not feeling well today
Have fun ,Welcome
what is date today in india
Please share the details of my current plan?
what is my bill amount
The color of the car is red.
I am not getting proper network in my area.
please provide my call history
If i am eligible to get home loan?
Hello, What details are needed to create an account in this Bank?
What will be the annual rent for debit card
Do I get tax benefits on the home loan?
my name is priyanka
How to activate roaming services on my number ?
You enjoy a lower interest rate than the revolving interest rate you would normally pay on your Credit Card.
What is the reason for SIM deactivation
How to get my bill corrected
i am right
is demand draft and check both works in same way
i want this to be good credit card service
My issue is still not resolved
Every time i get extra bill
My bill have some extra services added
Is i need to pay extra money after bill date
i want to work on my refund
i want to add more money to my account how can i do that
How to check my current data usage ?
Please provide BMG access to the new user.
What problem are you facing?
This world is a drama stage and we are all actors in it !!
Friends & Family is only available if you're a current customer on a qualifying Nationwide Plan.
Do I need to change my plan to get Friends & Family?
last month you were mostly on roaming
My bill amount is incorrect
In what mode i will get whole amount
Sir, If you convert from post paid to pre-paid, you would not have to pay any monthly rent.
Can i get updates frequently Offers available for my number over email or SMS Texts.
I want to check savings balance of my bank account.
Can I change my data plan?
I am from DMS
Sir...Are you in Roaming?
How May I help you
what is your problem?
I have lost my ATM card please block it.
What is the procedure for opening a new account?
i want to change my billing address. please update my new address
i want to change my plan because i am getting better calling plan
How to apply for credit card ?
Please enable net banking for my bank account.
Is there any small locker available here?
how much amount should i get after completing the maturity period of my fixed deposit
What is your date of birth?
How may I help you today?
I want to take a new sim
Hello,hoe are you?
Do you love to work in IBM ?
How will I know if I am browsing on 4G?
How do I check my existing plan charges?
you are very beautiful
Please help me in filling the form for the new connection
I am not able to withdraw cash from ATM?
I am having network issues from last two days and not getting the caller voice properly
how old are you ?
yes now its working fine
there are different kind of handset available in market
please buy only genuine handset
Please send me all issues related to network
New Billing address has been updated successfully. Our verification department will validate this request within next 24-48 hours.
I need a duplicate bill
What are the details of my loan account ?
Send me my credit card statement for March for this year?
Send 5 lakh to Laxmi rajak.
Can you tell me my current bill plan?
Is my handset is eligible for 4G?
I want to change my 3G Plan.
May I know your mobile number or address to make the changes?
how do you update to user about payment?
I want to update my address.
I want a locker ? Is there one available in Bharatnagar branch?
Thank you for calling IBM Telecom. Have a good day.
What is the current balance outstanding on my loan ?
Send me my credit card statement for October for this year?
As I can see your account details in the system you had recharged your mobile with Rs.100 and you got Rs.83 in that. Now your current balance is Rs.91.34 paisa.
May i know the reason for this de-activation?
Please deactivate internet services on my mobile
Please do let me know my recharge balance for telecom account
what's the monthly rental
where is the nearby telecom office
I have a bank account but I don’t use it – can I start using it again?
Where can i go for pizza?
you will able to do it
He is very nice guy
good morning ,how may i help you
Why video call service is not working in my mobile ?
i want to change phone number in laptop loan
i want to check my personal loan detail
Boss is always right.
how to apply for a new  cheque book
Please issue my receipt
Please provide your bank details for verification purpose
Do I need to download caller tune on my mobile?
Do I need to exchange the OHD notes at my bank branch only?
Can I withdraw from an ATM in India?
Can I withdraw cash against cheque?
My Current Bill amount is totally differ from the tariff plan.
Will the change in the withdrawal limits at ATMs in India affect the withdrawal limit of foreign currency from an ATM at an overseas location?
Is there a limit to deposit cash in the bank account with the OHD?
Can you please help me to explain my mobile bill
Are there any interest charges on my credit card ?
I want to convert a transaction into EMI. What are the EMI tenure options available?
I am not getting 4G data on my number
Is the network balance transferrable on my SIM?
Do you charge extra on bill for GST?
I am unable to receive messages on my number.
Kindly let us know the account number  for which you had requested for debit card.
Will my SIM discontinued if I don't link my number with aadhar?
Is my company listed in your corporate list?
It was good, teaching Watson.
As per company policies,it takes 5 business working days to complete the request for debit card.
Sorry for the inconvenience caused to you by the delay in completing the request made for debit cum atm card.
What is my bill due date.
Send me the procedure to check balance of mobile
I dint receive my check book
Where is my ATM PIN
I want to start alert message .
I want to know my bill plan
How can i activate new number
What is the End date of my card?
What is CVV number?
Can i activate new number by calling customer care
What all documents do I require in order to get a home loan ?
I love India.
how it works ?
All right Miss Farida
In which bank do you hold an account
What is my bank statement for last 3 months?
may i know your full name
When is your birthday?
i am fine , thank you
i got duplicate bill can you check it
Please provide your input
What is the difference between dial-up and broadband
The data you provided is incorrect
I want to know this month charges
I want to Know the details of the Tariff Plans
I want to know the amount if I make payment after due date
I want to know the maturity date of my fixed deposit
I want to change my sim
Are there any tools available to control usage by children
Why i didn't get my refund till now ?
I want to change my data package
my credit card is lost, how can I get a duplicate one
my handset is not compatible with your 4G services, what should I do now
I want to know about the value added services.
how can i check my account balance?
how can i change my traffic plan?
I want itemized bill service
what is the process to get cheque book
how to set ring tone?
HE KEPT SILENT ALL DAY
i want to port my mobile number to other network
Can you play tennis?
Please ensure my monthly bill shouldn't exceed Rs. 400 rupees.
I want DND activated on my number.
I want the solution by today itself.
We need documents for verification.
Why have you activated caller tune without my permission, you did wrong ?
Can you tell me the charges for caller tune, I need to know ?
value added services is not applied to my number yet
How would you like to pay?
How can i change my debit card pin number.
How will I know that my transaction has been completed?
What should I do if my Debit Card is not working?
to save by paying into the account an agreed fixed amount monthly over a stipulated period.to save by paying into the account an agreed fixed amount monthly over a stipulated period.
if the exemption limits of some customers are breached (despite submission of the Forms 15G/ H), would be liable for deduction of tax
unless provided in the product offering and agreed in writing by the Bank.
Premature withdrawal of Recurring Deposit is allowed and penalty
What are the transaction limits for my Debit Card?
who is prime minister of India?
WHAT IS THE STATUS OF WORK?
WHAT IS FURTHER COURSE OF ACTION?
Which career should humans opt  for  so as to ensure Long term employment?
what is data usage of my mobile.
What would you suggest?
I want to change my data plan
The amount of data I get in this plan gets finished in just 10 days, I need a plan wherein you get a good amount of data.
how to update my nominee details
What is my bill cycle
Is mobile banking available?
This is not good for me.
This plan sounds goof
Hello, I am facing a lot of issues with my network. My calls frequently drop and my signal strength is very poor.
What is my current plan
how do I change my internet banking password?
how are you
have a nice day
what is your bill
I want to invoke DND for my number can you please help me to raise the request
How do I check my data usage on Android?
You will receive an SMS shortly
How much SMS and STD call are free in your COG plan
What is my tariff plan details?
Go to hell
Hi, I am getting  message regarding my debit card. it says the card will deactivate in next month. What can I do ?
I have an issue with my mobile network.
Why is it taking so much time
My address is incorrect.
How can I replace my sim ?
why the delivery is taking too long to reach the user
what is security amount of getting International roaming on my phone
What are the roaming charges under this plan ?
i want to change my personal detail
Sure will help you on this issue
My address has changed
Click the Change address button
I am willing to learn Gujarati
bank account
I want to change my caller tune
what is your name
WHERE SHOULD I APPROACH FOR THE UPGRADE OF MY DEVICE?
How may I help you?
Solution for your request may already exist.
What are my weakness ?
Which occupation I should  opt for  succeeding in life?
Which thing is made of steel: Ball or  Rod?
I want to enable smart meter reading in my electric consumption unit.
What is my caller tune
thank you for sharing your latest updates
how to enable hello tune?
I want to request for a duplicate bill
How may I help you?
How may I help you?
This is regarding request 201. I have raised this request long back but still no solution. Can you please look into the matter closely.
What is bill amount?
what is my billing address?
i want a new nano sim
A One Time Password (OTP) is sent to your registered mobile number if there is a change in your login pattern
What is the current balance outstanding on my loan?
The antecedents of the applicant have been examined
I want to know the charges applicable to open share account
what is post paid plan
Online banking can save you a lot of time and effort, you can undertake most transactions from the comforts of your home.
I want to enquire about locker facility
Send me my credit card statement for March for this year?
New Possibilities with 4G LTE
Can you please explain my Bill plan ?
Please keep me posted
have a nice day
i want to change my coverage detail
i need to check my banking detail
Seen anything weird lately?
Credit Management involves the formulation
It ensures adequate measures employed
HOW TO SCRONYICS WITH THE UPDATED FILES AND FOLDER?
India is a country in South Asia
The goal of Lean Six Sigma is to design products
Handset Related
Maturity date of fixed deposit
Kindly recharge my DTH account for 1000 rupees.
What is the Maturity date of my fixed deposit?
What is the Maturity value of my fixed deposit?
I want a cheque book with 50 pages.
How to change address for my nominee?
can u inform me regarding my this month's postpaid bill?
Can you please let me know what all action do I need to do to close my account?
i want a new passbook with new address on it.
What is Cash Withdrawal?
Your Network is down in my location
How will we be billed?
I want to escalate this issue to floor manager.
But when I see my balance it shows zero as my primary balance
What is this I do not understand ? Please help me understand this.
Sir, your secondary balance means you have balance for calling .
I paid my bill aready. Still showing bill is due?
Bill Dispute
My Provider service  network is not available in my location
What do I need to do to update my address?
How many devices can connect to family internet plan
How do i file billing dispute?
Convert your card balance to EMI
I would like to discontinue the broadband service. What do I need to do?
I want to change my bill plan
How is the File charges calculated on my Loan request
Escalate unresolved request
Who are the consumer representatives on the TDR Council and how were they chosen?
How will the maturity amount be transferred?
What is Co-Branded Credit Card?
What is my bill amount?
I want to know the status of the last recharge.
How to Choose Best Fixed Deposit Plan?
How does the new EMV chip and PIN system for credit cards work?
Am I eligible for a Credit Card?
What is the min/max tenor I can choose?
Will I need to provide any referral for opening a Fixed Deposit account?
What interest pay out options are available?
What are the interest rates offered by BAJAJ FINANCE LIMITED?
Who cannot open a Fixed Deposit account with BAJAJ FINANCE LIMITED?
What are the various modes through which I can make my payment?
Can I show this FD investment for tax exemption?
How can I increase the credit limit on my credit card?
I had requested for a tenor of 10 however the FD is not issued on the same lines.
Who can open a Fixed Deposit account with BAJAJ FINANCE LIMITED?
What is the process to claim a FD if the customer is no more?
When will my interest amount be paid?
In case of non payment of the existing loan will my FD be impacted?
How will the maturity amount be transferred?
Scheme provided is incorrect. I had asked for cumulative however non cumulative has been given to me. Vice versa
How soon will I receive my Fixed Deposit Receipt?
Why invest in an FD?
What is the maximum and minimum limit that can be kept on credit card?
What is the tenor one can have a Fixed Deposit for?
If a Bank fails to honor the Draft, the Bank is liable and not the person.
When a draft reaches a payee, the relationship between the purchaser and Bank comes to an end.
Will I receive a confirmation for completion of top-up?
How do I send my Mobile Prepaid Recharge Request?
I sincerely apologize sir
What do I do if I have a faulty or damaged sim?
Do I get intimation on expiry of Safe Custody
How can I change the SIM / What do I do if I have lost the SIM?
Does the add-on card have a separate credit limit?
Please send me my credit card statement for the month of July 2017.
How can i replace my old sim with new one?
What is the procedure to recharge ?
How i can get new sim card?
I didn't receive my debit card
I didn't receive my credit card
How to order a Demand draft online?
I like reading books
Do I need to pay to get a new connection?
How much is the charges for ISD?
How to activate national roaming?
Is there any support team on twitter?
I want register a complain related to my data plan closure.
I want register a complain related to my account reopen.
What are the option in value added services?
Check my status of last 5 month recharge of my data plan
How can I get 4G connection?
Please transfer my roaming plan to my new number ending with 9878
what is your address ?
I want to complete  the training
I want to find route to my home
I don't like this color.
what is my data plan
I want to change my bill plan
What is the model of my car?
I want to complete the training
are you stupid
I want to change my bill plan
can u pls deactive my mobile for 6 months?
Thanks for calling, how can I help you
How do I purchase new connection?
This card gives you 1 reward point in our rewards program for every rupee you spend. But, there is a rupees 50 annual fee.
I don't mind paying the annual fee. What can I do with the reward points?
provide me Tax Certificate of my home loan for financial year 2016-17
Nothing is right or wrong, Only good or bad. That depend on one's perspective.
Thank you. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I want IBM in world top 5 MNC
How can i change my data plan ?
I want to see the voice quality of my phone
I want to know the procedure of recharge
What are the roaming charges for my mobile operator?
When is the due date for paying my bill?
How much money you have deposit in last month in your account ?
what is the ticket number for my issue?
I want to change my address details for postpaid mobile bill payment.
How can I add my aadhar number with my bank account?.
I want to activate the 3G services.
What is your location address.
Hi Watson, Nice to meet you.
Do I need to pay extra charges to avail STD and ISD services on my Pre-paid connection?
How can I check the unbilled usage of my bill?
Will all my old services be retained on my new SIM card?
my name is priy ranjan
are you educated?
I want to activate a higher data plan for my number.
8.My house is on 4th floor
9.Its good to use stairs rather using lift
11.save water save earth
does bank need any advance money to be deposited before sactioning the home loan
Would you like to eat something?
What will be the additional charges for activating roaming facility
I got stuck in traffic jam.
For verification purposes mam, Can I get your name and birthdate?, please
You cannot eat your cake and have it too.
Believe it or not, she has three children.
need new connection with IBM approved plan.
Are these the glasses you were looking for?
Is it necessary for me to attend the party?
how i can switch my network to other service provider
What happens if I use up my included data?
How i can check multiple fixed deposit balance.
Where is my welcome kit ?
Where is my ATM PIN?
I want to update my address.
swipe you card in atm machine and then select the option to change pin
How can i  open my saving account?
Is there locker facility in available in my area branch?
Recharge my mobile for Rs. 50.
I forgot my username.
How can I cancel standing instructions?
How can I know the Address of my branch bank?
I lost my phone
I am loving Watson
payment updation will be done on your approval
Can I have some juice to drink?
Previous experience of working in a retail environment
Developing good working relationships with colleagues.
You are good for nothing.
Is it a toll free number
keep on working
who are you
My chair has broken.
What other data plan do you have?
Please provide bill amount of my biull
What is the speed of 4G in my area?
A bank is a financial institution that accepts deposits from the public and creates credit
My DTH bill is not generated as per my plan.
I believe I lost my pin number of my credit card. please tell me how much time you take to generate new Pin for me.
They live in Riyadh.
Hi. Looking for having a locker at your bank. Can you tell me the available options and cost? Please also explain the procedure for hiring a locker.
I know cash application
How can I apply for a Personal Loan?
i want to change my number
i want to correct my name
Customers may forget what you said but they'll never forget how you made them feel
i want an additional connection
I want to close my account
why the outgoing calls are barred in my mobile.
My mobile Number is 9999600877. I want to know if l can get the similar type of number.
i want to unblock my card
I have received my estatement generated for my saving account which is not correct.
How do I pay my credit card bill?
which is my nearest store
Where are you from?
What is the status of my credit card?
At what time does your bank open
I want to check my account balance.
Thank you for calling IBM.My name is Pawan.How may I help you today?
Salman Khan is the great actor.
I want a cheque book
Whether SMS/Data STVs work in Free Roaming across India? *
I want to activate international roaming on my number
Why is the customer required to fill a cardholder dispute form (CDF) to report transaction dispute?
I want a cheque book
Models of 3G Data Card offered by BSNL in Bundling Scheme
I want to change my address
I want to activate DND on my number
Will BSNL provide a 3G handset ?
How can I repay my Personal Loan?
How can I change the mode of repayment/ account for my loan?
who can help me !
May i talk to your senior
Can you please share your number?
i want ebill instead of paper bill
how i can update my email address for ebill
how i can view my bill online
I want to change my registered phone number .
Could you please forward my application to the bank manager
Don’t tell me what to do.
I want to port my idea connection to other network
Yes, I just want to know the balance of my account?
My name is…….
How much does it cost to port my number?
Ok, the number is …….
How can I link/ register my mobile number with my credit card?
Have I answered your query?
what is 4G?
What is 2G?
I want to change my bill plan
I want to check my current mobile plan details.
Per our system’s data, you did pay your last bill last Aug. 12 which was two days ago in one of our affiliated payment centers and you currently have 0 balance.
i love my country
we will resolve your issue
Do you want to port your number?
What is the process of applying for new cheque book?
please send me an alert if my data usage goes over 50%
I do not receive my refund amount.
are u understanding
I want to activate 3G services.
I want to change the owner of my mobile connection.
I want to change my address
what is Router ?
My bill amount is incorrect?
my bill hasnt reached yet
what is my number?
Issue with my messaging ,Not able to sent the messages
I am not able to check balance from ATM?
Can you explain me the various rate plans?
How can i open a savings account ?
kindly share your registered mobile number
How to submit ILC ?
Work ethics are very important in an cooperate organization.
If you found out your company was doing something against the law, like fraud, what would you do?
What is the most difficult decision you've made in the last two years and how did you come to that decision?
If I were to give you this salary you requested but let you write your job description for the next year, what would it say?
What kind of goals would you have in mind if you got this job?
Give examples of ideas you've had or implemented
What is the most important thing you learned in school?
Tell me the difference between good and exceptional
How many times do a clock is hands overlap in a day?
If I were to give you this salary you requested but let you write your job description for the next year, what would it say?
How long does the bank have to refund a credit balance on my credit card / personal line of credit / home equity line of credit account?
What are you looking for in terms of career development?
I re-deposited a check. Now the bank says that it has placed an exception hold on my funds. What does that mean?
Which mixture is homogeneous?
What’s the difference between the two?
Why do Blood cells do not shrink in blood?
I’d like to apply for the Gold Shopper card, please.
how many services are active on my number ?
where are you going?
She knew the story already.
how to close existing Recurring Deposit
hardwork is the key of success
Jio has announced 2 new plans – MRP 399 & 349
can i know status of my air ticket ?
By mistake i broke my sim card.
How to reactivate the previous service.
how much time it will take to replicate my name in the system
I am good in cricket.
How can I link my aadhar card and Pan card?
This data is not correct
What are different kinds of Fund Transfers that I can do on the site?
What are the advantages of doing an online Funds Transfer (eCheques)?
What is my data balance
You can call the Idea customer care on 12345
This is my pen
Yes, Idea provides coverage all across India.
why you have deducted my balance
May i know customer detail ?
I lost my phone please block my sim
Please activate voice call service on this number.
What are the plan details?
I want to port to jio network
I want to know more details about my existing tariff
Select the services for which you wish to receive promotional messages.
i dont have proper network in ramkote
i dont have proper network in sainikpuri area
DND activate / subscribing to NCPR is one simple step and free of charge for you
i don't have proper network in secunderabad area
What is my bill amount for this month?
How to change tariff plans?
Where do you live ?
Your wife is also a working women ?
What is my account balance?
would you mind holding for 10 seconds while research
This is not working.
Are you happy with the services provided by company ?
What are your career aspirations?
I want to know my Balance in the account
Do you know any account holder here?
i want to change my billing address.
What is the Auto Pay service
Are you a leader?
What is my billing due date ?
Do you think you will be able to work in a team?
How do I register for this service
I have seen many people like you.
can you activate my sim?
What is my mobile balance
I want to change my current plan.
Till now How much Data I have used.
I want to know maturity value of fixed deposit.
Can I get ATM card sir?
I have been incorrectly charged for caller tunes!
How to deactivate me old sim ?
How will you define a good team leader? Do you think the definition goes for you as well? If ‘yes’ say how and mention some instance to prove yourself a suitable team leader
what are the mobile roaming charges
I want to change my billing address.
I want to check status of my balance.
How to Reactivate a SIM Card?
I want to activate DND on my mobile
I tried to Transfer money from my Zoom account today and the transaction has been cancelled. I would like to know the reason why it has got cancelled.
I want to get more information about my bill plan.
My last bill was sent to the wrong address
What is my unbilled amount.?
I was promised call back but no one called me.
I am currently busy. Please call me later.
I want to change my billing address, please tell me the procedure.
What is my SIM number
Do you have any accounts with us at the moment?
How can I switch from prepaid to postpaid
2-3 days would be required to change the billing address.
Why i am being charged extra this month
Is my recharge successful?
She plays tennis very well.
Take good care of yourself.
How to activate a SIM which is inactive from a long time?
How do I pay my bill online during the outage period?
Can we convert gold purchase into EMI?
Can you let me know the best price plan for around 5 GB data consume for a month
What is the procedure for changing the data plans?
How can one transact at an ATM?
Is there any minimum and maximum cash withdrawal limit per day?
Hello How are you ?
Do I get tax benefits on the loan?
I WANT TO GO HOME
Early rising is good for the health
He closed the door suddenly.
what is the interest rate of my current account?
I request you to fix this on priority.
3G speed is even ok
where are you?
Can you please tell me the details of my bill plan
I apologize for the inconvenience, and I assure you I’ll do everything I can to help you
I appreciate your patience in this matter.
Could you please hold for 2 to 3 minutes while I contact a co-worker who would be better equipped to answer your question?
I want to know more about data plans
Thank you for calling abc Company
How to open recurring deposite account.
I will be more than glad/ happy to assist you
I will ensure that
How IBM can participate in Curb the corruption mission using technology.
This watch is not of acceptable quality.
You'll get a intimation message once the plan is activated
Customer : What are the bank working hours?
One of the four Agile manifesto says :Individual Interaction verses comprehensive documentation
Is there any new LIC policy for kids
Address is not correct on bank statement
How to fill cheque bounce court case ?
Kindly Wait,you are in queue.
Yes why not
Please activate Data Service
I need help in creating the new work plan
i want duplicate bill
I want my duplicate bill
ï»¿I am really sorry to hear that. Is there anything I can do to help you?
I work with IBM
She is my mother.
Welcome to the IT Support Centre
I want to change my data plan
I want to know download and upload speed of my data plan.
Can I see the data usage of a video call?
how can i link between my savings account and fixed deposit ?
I want to cook
what is the maturity date of my loan?
I want to transfer my bank account to another branch
Cheque Status < NUMBER>
Please tell me how much is the transaction charge?
Bill On Mail
what is my name
REQUEST FOR 3G
I need Family Plan Linking.
india is my country
pleasure is all mine
where is water
Have you understood my requirement?
Please tell the one time password
i want to check my data balance
Could you please help me?
someone has stolen my phone.
who was Newton
It seems magnetic strip of my card is not working. Please log my request for issuing new card.
I lost my credit card.
For address change , id proof should be self attested.
How can I deactivate roaming services ?
please let me know when you free
I want to learn analysis tools
I need to talk to your boss!
I am holding a Mobile postpaid connection
Is there any Loan Processing charge?
What is the limit of my credit card?
How many options are there to recharge
I want a bill plan with unlimited internet data usage
What is the price of new card?
How can i change my credit card pin ?
How to change the billing address?
What is my Bank Balance
I am very sorry for the inconvenience Sir
wonderful job
Unlike PAN Card, why is there a validity on the passport?
You will be assessed on the extent to which you are continuing to build skills in growth areas as defined by your unit
i want to know about my data plan.
where is your school
what data plan are you using ?
i want to portable my mobile number
i am travelling abroad so please suspend number for next 6 months
Is there any limit on calls in this family plan
I want to talk to a superior person regarding the request or I want to escalate the request
why data pack not activated
I want to change the address  written on the bill
I want to change billing address
What is your name?
Thank you, let me just check on it.
The last four numbers of your PAN number are 1234.
Let's just see if you can now get online, before we hang up.
Do you have anymore questions or other concerns?
Thanks, I hope no one have tried using it.
I want to apply for Netbanking.
How to check account balance in the mobile application.
How are you doing
Documentation required for new bank account.
How can i check my bank account balance?
you can cancel your cheque payment from internet banking
What is the minimum balance limit?
What is the last payment date on my loan?
i want to deactivate the particular value added service
i want you get bill details in details
I want to activate message service on my registered mobile number.
What are the charges to avail locker facility?
Send me my credit card statement for this year?
Recharge my DTH for RS. 300
How can i transfer fund to another account?
How can I change password for my account?
Why I am getting so much of maintenance charges?
Where can I find my account number?
I want to activate international roaming on my number
please send me my bill through email
Mail me how much I spend of my last 2 month and 3 weeks and 5 days on my debit card ?
Send me e-statement of month of January to till date of my debit card  ending with 8976 ?
Scheduled my rent on every second day of month.
Cancel my schedule payment of credit card on 2nd day of month.
I forgot my debit card PIN.
I want to upgrade my credit card limit.
How repo rate decrease will effect my recurring deposit interest rate  ?
What is the time taken to realize outstation cheques?
What security do I need to provide to obtain a Business loan?
ow long will it take for me to get a Business Loan?
Can I repay the loan earlier for Business Loan?
How can I get my address changed in my loan account?
What should I do if I have a dual SIM phone to get the best mobile internet experience?
What are the data roaming charges on National Roaming?
What are the data roaming charges on International Roaming?
How can I contact Customer Care while roaming within India?
I need water
I want my paper bill agai
please wait for a moment, your call is being transfered
How do i recharge a prepaid number?
there is no resolution of my problem since last four days
I want to change my data plan
My phone doesn't get proper signal
For the past how many years you have account with this bank?
Sometimes, thoughts come in my heart
What are the best plans available for postpaid
What is the reason that you chose this particular bank as your Internet bank
What is my bill amount
which is the best SMS pack available?
Need to raise a request for changing the billing address
How long does it take to update new billing address?
please transfer my call to other department
Have a nice day.
After getting unique porting code what next I need to do ?
i want new data service to be included in my existing bill plan
How can i update my mobile number?
My payment details are not updated
My debit card has been lost what should I do now?
I will call back after some time
is there a code to check data balance ?
How does BillDesk get my bank and biller information?
Mobile tariff is lowest in india
I have 2000 rupees
What is your Joining date in company?
What is your name ?
my address is so simplified
What are the Benefits to the Consumer with Monthly billing?
I want to know my balance in my saving account.
Based on the information provided by you, it seems that issue related to mobile data plan
Please change my bill plan and add mobile data plan in existing bill plan
what is the difference between secured and unsecured personal loan?
please let me complete first
I want to know about the new data plans
what is my height
Every problem has a solution
why are you serious?
Please activate safe custody for my dongle.
We are forwarding your call to our executive.
please stay on the line.
what is religion. How many religion are in India. Humanity is biggest religion across world.
Can you please DEACTIVATE my 3G services?
How i can change my mobile telecom operator?
banking sector is the rapidly growing sector in the market.
Thank you for that information mam.
Can you please help me to understand the bill plan?
how can i stop unwanted calls
I need to speak with a technician
i am about to go for lunch
Or you can tap the phone icon on the bottom right to place a voice call.
what data plan i am using?
Sure, it's Peter, account number is 020-6666-666
I am teacher.
what the hell is this. I hate automated system. Can you please arrange a call back for me. I need someone who can solve my mobile bill issue
what are the last ten transaction details from my Account?
As I am an old customer my query should be taken on priority.
what is the duration of this plan
What is NEFT?
What is my current bill amount
What is your work ?
Can you activate value add service of data package of 100 rs
What is my Bill plan?
Please stop calling me for promotions. I am not interested.
How to open locker in your bank? what is the procedure for the same
what is priority account
i want help regarding mobile number portability
You can buy top ups and Special Tariff Vouchers
i have not received sms for reset pin
what is forms 16
Sir, your mobile number portability request is still pending because you have not paid the pending bill amount of your current service provider
I want to change my bill plan
what is my data balance
This feature allows you to divert incoming calls to any landline or mobile number. Calls can be diverted when you are busy, unavailable or travelling.
What is the meaning of ledger?
What is the meaning of purchase return?
What is the meaning of vendor?
Yeah, Hi my system is down I need to speak to a technician
What is the customer number?
What is the meaning of Purchase Order?
How can I help you?
Please activate my hello tune service
May i know your name?
what is famous place to visit in Rajashthan ?
Tell me best Data plan under 499
I have forgotten/ not received my User ID and Password, how can I obtain them?
will the bank remain open on this Sunday
i have moved to a new house
What is my data balance
This service is only applicable for a postpaid customer on the request of the customer and on payment of a specified amount.
My Phone Internet is not working
are you in sane
I AM IN NOT GOOD MOOD
i am a good teacher.
i have issues with my data connection,the speed varies a lot.
I want to change my sim
Why my internet connection is not working?
you are suffering from diabetes.
Please activate video call on this number.
I want to do data card settings.
What is your name
where do you work ?
I want to change my bill plan
what are all services I can opt from mobile application?
I am looking for a broadband connection for my home.
I would have, if I could have
customer is asking about plan details
How many people are there in your family?
What does your father do?
Do you have any siblings?
Where can I apply for an AADHAR Card?
Could you please resend my Bill details on my Email?
consider it done
please visit our website
i am on it
Which all customer is eligible for Standing Instruction on Debit Card?
Standing Instruction on Debit Card is applicable to all those customer who are holding an existing active debit card.
Will there be any special amount to be paid if we link the numbers to a family plan?
I want to deactivate all active VAS linked with my number
What is my data balance
How much interest i have paid for this loan?
What bills can I pay with Standing Instruction facility?
IBM is a good place to learn and experience
No questions asked
do you have any offer on men's jeans
The Customer agrees that such a Term/Fixed deposit/recurring deposit shall be created in the name of all the account holders with mode of operation
Am I eligible for NetBanking?
Can you please tell me the balance of my saving's account?
What all documents do I need to submit for my housing loan ?
What is the difference between Open Network and Project Leap?
This is the request of my new Change Address
How will I start porting process ?
What is the best WiFi router?
There is any procedure to check the balance of my account
I always wanted to be an engineer.
please tell me the terrif plans for 2g and 3g networks
What is the unlimited data plan for airtel ?
I understand this is frustrating to you Let me see what I can do.
What is bridging?
I had the same issue with my last months bill payment as well..this is not done.
I want you to check this immediately and resolve the same.
I will wait for a call from your side, thanks.
when I have to recharge my mobile?
how much time my sim will take to get activated?
For personal loan what documents are required in your bank?
{Single Account} Check Recurring Deposit balance
How to Activate the Net Banking  in my account ?
Why I need to submit form 15H?
What’s the minimum and maximum tenure of investment in an FD account?
How can I get my demand draft cancelled?
How soon does the beneficiary receive the money?
Caller is not able to hear my Caller Tunes.
You don't even have short codes for sim activation services ?
how mobile data balance can reduce in the time of mobile data off?
I need my sim activation
I need to get my sim activatated
When ever try to use mobile data automatically network will go down.
My laptop is running slow
My mother is housewife
I want to eat
I want to dance
Ok.Let me check again.
At present it is zero.
Ok. I will, change the plan to unlimited pack.Is it fine?
How concerned are you about the performance of your applications?
I’ll now move on to the market research questionnaire.
But when I get my bill of this month, the bank statement is showing the full amount of purchase
I lost my SIM
What is my yearly income ?
What is Account Receivables?
Where do I get details about outstanding bills?
Are there hassle-free modes of payment of bills ?
Welcome to Watson?
I am going on a holiday next week.
Do you want to check your savings account balance?
I am not able to use internet.
I want to receive a duplicate bill.
I have not received any notification for payment confirmation.
What is my Credit card bill for last month.
Can you please tell me why Rs. 50 has been deducted from my account?
i want change my number
i want to raise a request to port my number to another network
Can I pay for the rent of a locker through my account?
Can you please confirm 4G compatibility for my SIM card.
I am not interested for any loan, stop calling me
Will Open Network help me get faster internet?
What is the criteria to open a locker?
एक वर्ष में कितने महीने हैं?
Delays in the bill is usually caused by delays in our courier services.
Schedule auto payment of my mobile bill
need more information on this program
I want to activate internet banking on my account.
Thanks for contacting us.
Can you see my last payment in my account details?
Do you need anything else?
I want to deactivate my saving account.
I would like to know my remaining money in my account
This is an incorrect method to calculate.
What would be the data speed in the upgraded plan?
Please upgrade my existing data plan.
Can you reactivate the previous data plan
I want to understand this process
Where is your house?
ATM run out of money
I found my lost card
How to make Loan amount repayments on ATM
i want my loan to be stopped early
i want to change my share account
i want to plan my fix account money detail
What is my Credit card bill for last month ?
Where is my ATM PIN?
i want to work on my ICICI account
Ok. Here it is.
can you please speak up
Have a nice day.
You are very much welcome, Ms. Randall! You have a great day and Thank you for calling Bank of Wealth. Good Bye!
I want the EMIs to be charged to my account automatically.
If you think speed is all that Idea 4G has to offer then you are in for a pleasant surprise.
Enter the grid values printed on the back of the card
I was charged a fine of five hundred Rupees for breaking the signal.
what is the status of my recharge ?
Can you please check my total bill amount for this month?
Choose ‘Generate ATM PIN’ option and click on ‘Generate OTP’
Enter the following details i.e. card expiry date, CVV and date of birth of primary account holder
text messages are not being send from my phone or received by my phone number.
there is low battery in my mobile.
What is your name
I want to extend the validity of my mobile plan.
can you please provide me your full name?
What is my data plan?
What is your Name
Can I speak to an agent?
Hi Watson how are you?
how to change my bill plan?
What is my account balance?
Please correct spelling of my name.
How do I know my beneficiary's details for a cheque issued in my name?
can you please share detail list of my last month call.
What is RAM?
What are the part payment charges for a Education Loan?
What are the part payment charges for Two Wheeler Loan?
That's fine, I am just going to have ask some security questions to verify you are the account holder.
How will I know my network complaint has been resolved?
I need a new Connection
Will Open Network help me get faster internet?
Can you please provide the duplicate bill of my number?
Can you please provide me the detailed bill on my e-mail address ?
Please tell me the amount of the bill against my contact number
I am not receiving the hardcopy of the bill at my address. Please start providing the hardcopy of the bill
What is DND service
please transfer my call to other department.
please activate DND service on my number.
My last  month bill is incorrect, who can help to correct it?
I am unable to call on few numbers
My vehicle is an Indian made.
In 17th century, Calcutta was the capital of India prior to New Delhi.
Number Two
I want to know my last 3 transaction
My bill amount is incorrect
this will take little long
What I can do for you right now
Hello.. My name is watson
It becomes imperative to understand what mobile/cellular data
Hi i lost my debit card. I request you to freeze my debit card immediately.
Hello Sir, how are you? How's life treating you nowadays?
How are you?
The bill that I have received this month is highly inflated!
i am unable to make outgoing calls from my new number.
there have been too many call drops
what is my balance?
I want a new sim card
what is your name?
I Am In Love With Myself, With My Heart.
Need to check the account details
Can i contact bank representative for any help
What is my data balance
My name is Naveen
how safe is online payment
Is it mandatory to update PAN card number
How can I help you today?
Can I use your pen for some time
Hello? Are you still there?
Yes, but I don’t deal with that.
Maybe I’ll just cancel my service.
How you calculate the current bill on prorate basic, please explain ?
Who can port?
How long will it take to port to a new Operator?
Can you check the date of the bill?
Ok. Thanks a lot.
Could you please give me some cash as i don't have any because of demonetisation and i only have 500 and 100 rupees notes
Can I make calls or SMS during the porting process?
I understand how frustrating that can be—let’s see how we can work this out. We can work together to answer your questions, but only if we can discuss the matter calmly.
Of course. I’m sorry. It’s not your fault that I have this problem. Thank you for working with me. You see, here’s what happened…
How can I send money using fund transfer?
I want to change my data pack
thanks for calling
which company do you work ?
Thank you.
Delays in the bill is usually caused by delays in our courier services.
i wish you a happy birthday
Deactivate my data plan while on roaming
Can I activate 2G services on my current mobile number ?
Inconvenience is deeply regretted.
Certainly, I would be happy to assist you.
This bill is more updated.
what would I do to apply for car loan?
what is voice VPN?
I need a copy of my billing plan.
Why am I charged for late fee?
I want to replace my sim as it is fault.
i want to change my other account password
why are you late
what is difference between prepaid and outstanding
what is iso standerd's
i want a nano sim .
I didn't receive my cheque book
I want to escalate my unresolved request?
Can you hear me.
Is Singing good for health?
Yes, you have to fill in this application form and get it attested by your employer and two responsible citizens.
what is the maturity date of my loan
I want to open an account.
I would like to open a joint account with my wife.
I want to reactivate my old number
Is there an option to link my savings account to a recurring deposit account?
I want a cheque book.
Your business means a lot to us.
If I were in your position, I would feel the same way.
How do you feel about our service?
My outgoing call is barred
what is the process of change addresss
Happy Teachers Day
What is the Amazon Seller Rewards Program?
My outgoing calls are getting dropped even though my handset shows the full coverage.
I want to transfer my bank account
Is there better international roaming pack with better call rates available for UK?
Watson holds the gene for future AI of this planet.
I want to raise port request for my number. Please assist.
I would like to get the call details for the past two months
when will be my new plan number activated?
My outgoing call facility is blocked
I did not received invoice of Data Bill for last month.
is there any offer in my card ?
Can you provide me a detailed analysis on my usage
What is my bill amount
When will my new bill get generated
HOW TO REBOOT THE SYSTEM
How to check my account ZBNK statement?
What is record to report in accounting ?
How I can change my address?
Explain the product costing process
I am going abroad for 2 months. How can I keep my number active?
i have not received my recharge balance.
Did Gurmeet Ram Raheem teach cricket to Virat Kohli
Now it is more than 7 days, There is no action taken till now.
I want to receive my last 3 bills
I am the happiest person in the Garage.
Do you have any accounts with us at the moment?
I can help you to apply for a credit card today if you like.
I will personally make sure that this issue will be escalated and resolve before the time given to you
How many services are active on my mobile?
I have not received an OTP
I'm sorry sir, it's not validating.
How may i help you ?
I am instructed by bank security policy to ask the following questions, are you a terrorist, sex offender, money launderer or professional athlete?
how can I help you ?
Hello I am doing the Watson training.
What is the last payment date on my loan
I want to activate 3G video call for my mobile.
I want to understand
How to check Recharge not reflecting on my account
What is the Procedure to check Balance of my account
I have a dog.
Can i make calls or SMS during porting process ?
Could you please exceed my 3g data for more 3 months?
Would you like a replacement or refund?
this is absolutely what I was looking at
I received the Welcome Kit but it was in a tampered condition. What do I do?
we regularily need to work on our shortcomings
Please verify my credit amount.
choose your option
My internet connectivity is very poor these days.
what is required for car loan ?
Kindly re-issue my Cheque book.
I am facing coverage issue
How can i activate my 3 g ?
I need to change my bill plan
I am not able to do video calling
Kindly change my billing address
Please closed my current saving account
What date do I put in the schedule date field?
Could you please confirm about my cheque payment
How to generate PIN through Mobile App?
How to generate PIN through Internet Banking?
Need to deactivate 3G service.
How to activate my new SIM ?
How will I know if my Idea connection will work when I am travelling abroad?
How can I start using my Idea phone when I am roaming?
How can I Activate/Deactivate any VAS?
What are the call management services offered by your service provide?
How much will it cost to use the call conference service?
can you give me information about the postpaid data plans.
In the event that the Demand Draft purchased is lost, stolen or destroyed, you may request for payment on the Demand Draft to be stopped
Thank you so much for your time.
What is the validity period for a Demand Draft?
Do I require a special kind of handset while roaming internationally?
How can I activate call divert on my number?
Can I request for a "Stop Payment" on a Demand Draft? What are the charges?
What is the collection time of my demand draft order at the designated branch?
Voice quality is very low.
I want data related promotional offer.
My ringtone is different.
I AM WATSON
Can I pay my bill online?
What is procedure to take a new sim card.
What is the credit period for credit card?
In the absence of any special instructions, the deposit will be renewed on maturity for a like term at the then applicable interest rates.
I want my last 6 months transaction report of my saving account
For Cumulative FD, tax is deducted on interest accrued on March 31st of every year and on maturity.
it may be made by the single holder, the joint holders or the surviving joint holder, as the case may be, at any time after the Deposit receipt is issued
in whose name the deposit has been opened and who are authorised to withdraw the deposit, as per original mandate.
What is the amount I have to pay as EMI on my Credit Card, How I will get to know?
what is the payment method for paying mobile bill
How to activate caller tune on my number ?
I want to port my mobile number.
You have entered a wrong password.
To stop the train pull the chain.
Is my debit card is delivered?
what is the new technic in karate
How many body parts do we have
how to locate parks
do you have any medical problem
What is the procedure for new connection ?
what are the rules in badminton
What is the document needed for my new data card connection
Please provide a list of all active services on my number
Date is not correct on my bill.
Which data plan works better in this area?
Do you require any more assistance?
Can I request a demand draft online using internet banking?
this call can be recorded for quality purpose...
Please verify your name and last recharge amount.
I want to change the address of my savings account
what is my data balance
Where do you go for swimming.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us.
I want to convert to Postpaid
How to change the bill plan
How much is the late fee charges
Could you please tell me, my credit card bill for last month?
are there any new plans?
How many connections can same person get
I want a new mobile connection
Sir, would like to inform , in your area there is an emergency maintenance is going on
I want to know the current balance of my data package and internet data?
When is your birthday?
What are the incoming call charges during roaming?
Happy birthday to you.
I want to set my ATM pin
Where is your school located?
Today I will be late while coming from office
your registered email id
Please note that your data balance expires within 3 days.
If i want to transfer the amount to other account
I want to open internet banking on saving account.
need to get my account activated
My bill amount is not correct.
What is the process of requesting for car loan?
What is my last recharged amount
Validity Status
What are the benefits of ATM card ?
kindly change your password .
I was speaking a while ago with Jerry, and he says that my modem is malfunctioning.
Hello, I want to check my saving balance.
How may I help you?
I want to increase my credit limit.
I want to block my debit card.
I want to activate a new data plan.
Can you tell me about the corporate offers on my debit card
My sim card is not working.
Where is my Debit Card
Can i restore my deactivated services?
I want to activate roaming on my mobile number.
I want to change my bill plan
Hello we are from ePricer Team
I am facing a problem in this model
what to start for  the solution
n general, incumbents have structural advantages over challengers during elections. The timing of elections may be determined by the incumbent instead of a set schedule.
send me the details by EOD
i will not come tomorrow
why did the bank deny me loan
how does one of wrong transaction is showing in my bill
what are the best places to visit in India ?
Environmentalists have criticised the Delhi government for not doing enough to curb air pollution and to inform people about air quality issues
Do you want to come for a movie?
As per the Economic survey of Delhi (2005–2006), the tertiary sector contributes 70.95% of Delhi's gross SDP followed by secondary and primary sectors with 25.20% and 3.85% contributions respectively
can i exclude my advance payment transaction amounts from my bill amount
Is that your final answer?
How can i improve my technical skills?
You are in queue
Please wait
what are the various bill plans?
where do you live.
What will be your payment mode?
What time do u wake up daily?
You have a mail in your mailbox
I want to change this article.
System error occured
I am facing call drop issues
have a nice day
Do you know Hindi ?
Who is your Sales Lead?
I am not able to understand you.
Will I be able to access 4G while on roaming?
Situation is normal here.
What top-up offers are available for voice and data
Please tell me your fathers name.
How to activate caller tune service ?
what is the status of my request
Doctor will be here any minute.
How can I check my Bill on the Website?
I want to know the process for buying new connection .
do you want to change your default language
We are going to have fun today.
Where did you go yesterday?
My Paytm wallet did not get recharged yesterday
Can you help me locate a branch near me
have a safe journey.
there is lot of traffic in this route.
my handset is not able to catch signal
What is your name?
13.Can i retrieve deleted messages?
14.I have a query which is not listed here, what should I do?
15.Why do voice calls disconnect in between?
I have job experience of 5 years.
Tell The King.
I want to talk to your superviser
Hello Sir/Madam, are you still there?
please let me know the best roaming plan for my cell number
How to deactivate caller tune service on my phone number
please update my email id
calls are free from midnight to early morning
Very good choice. We're confident that you'll be happy with that option
what is grand total of my last month credit card bill
May I have your current billing address?
To place your order, I'll need either a credit or debit card.
We apologize, but fulfilling that request wouldn't be fair to our other customers.
How are you doing today? May I ask why you contacted our chat service today?
I don't get SMS alert in my phone for my transactions above 2000/-
How much data balance remaining for my number
Do you need any further assistance?
What is the process to change the plan for postpaid connection
What is the current tariff for postpaid connection?
Is minimum opening balance required for a savings account?
My bill charges are very high.
How do I change the login password of my internet banking?
What is parallel universe?
In order to change your account address you need to submit any government address proof to your branch.
latest weather updates
What is the process to change my contact details?
czechoslovakia , wow
what u think about watson
Safety rules are your best tools.
Can I have more than one SIM?
How to recharge my number?
I how many city do you have 4G coverage?
Do ISD charges vary according to country?
What is per MB charge for data in 3G?
Do your network provide value added services?
Can I set any default ringtone for my SIM?
Check my status of last 5 month recharge of my 3g plan
Please send me SMS on my number for promotional scheme related to top-up plan
I am a Mobile Broadband user, will my existing dongle be able to give me 4G speed?
Can I manage more than one account?
How can I configure data settings?
What are documents required for SIM exchange?
Do my SIM gets activated instantly after submitting documents?
Based on my call records, can you suggest me a good plan
I am not getting proper network coverage on my mobile.
How can I change my data plan
do you have any housing loan specials
what is my Data of Birth
what is the date today?
i am satisfied with your customer services.
What is the purpose of Reservation Template?
What are the unique features and functionalities offered by BSNL Web Conferencing Service?
What is mobile TV ?
I want to change my bill plan?
What are the different kinds of value packs available in three channel pack option ?
What is tele-education service?
How much shall I be charged for Tele-education service?
How can I help you?
what is Payment Inquiry?
payement can be made via cash
what is Migration?
Send me savings account statement or e-statement fo this year from April/last financial year
how to activate promotional scheme
Please recharge my phone as soon as possible
how to activate bill on mail
what is Procedure to Recharge?
I need to set this caller tune
what is Existing tariff?
what is Alternate number Activation?
what is the plans for Video Call
what is Refund Of Deposit?
how to check status of Services On Prepaid
Is there any formal approval required for using the PIS facility from the Designated Bank?
Where can I go to exchange the OHD notes?
I am currently situated overseas and I have some â‚¹500 & â‚¹1,000 bank notes. What should I do?
I am an NRI/ PIO. I had withdrawn cash from the NRE account for utilization while on my visit in India. Can I deposit the cash back into the NRE account?
I am an NRI/ PIO. Do I have to complete the Re-KYC in my account to be able to exchange or deposit the specified bank notes?
What is a valid proof of identity?
What are the different biller categories?
How can I generate or change the 3D Secure PIN for my credit card?
Good afternoon , IBM, Amit speaking, how may I help you?
What is the 'Priority Pass' facility?
So, I have updated your details in my system, your bill plan would be changed from next billing cycle to your Family Plan mentioned in the form.
Can I prepay the loan? Are there any penalties?
How do I benefit if the interest is calculated on a daily reducing balance?
How can I change/ correct my Date of Birth (or) surname on my credit card?
Query on Cash limit reduction on credit cards
I need an NOC for my credit card.
Where can I see the annual fees of my credit card?
Where is my welcome kit ?
How long does it take to process my redemption request?
I have another bank credit card in addition to my ICICI Bank Credit Card. Can I use this to make a payment at the merchant partner?
What is a temporary credit-limit enhancement on my credit card?
Can you please verify the last four numbers of your PAN number.
Thanks for your help!
Thank you so much! I can login now to my account.
Last, but not the least, may I please verify your complete Billing Address?
Is there anything else that I could help you with?
That would be all for today. Thanks again! Bye!
can you check what are the value added service on my number
How can i activate message service on my registered mobile number?
What are the charges to activate message service on my registered mobile number?
please confirm my bill amount
How are you
How will I plan my career
What are the charges for music related VALUE ADDED SERVICE available on my mobile?
The new cheque book will be issued only upon written request/cheque requisition slip.
what are the transactional charges for transferring amount over 1 lacs?
One is our Platinum flyer card, the other is our Gold shopper card.
I want to changes my bill adress
which is the largest Public sector bank of india?
Frequent  dishonor  of  cheque/failed  ECS  (debit)  due to  insufficient  fund  may  lead  to closure of account
By when is the Bank Credit Card Welcome Kit delivered?  
sometime our surrounding gives us the best answers
i want to change my current bill plan
The minimum balance to start an account is rs 1000.
we get better returns than we deserve
So what you’re saying is…
We stayed at a hotel by the lake.
How are you?
Will you go to the party tonight?
I am viewing some one else account accounts
I have accounts in some other branch
Total amount in my current bill is incorrect
i want to activate the 3G service
Would you please explain the rules to me?
You should take care of your sick mother.
I want to pay my bills online
is there any problem in demand draft ordering?
I want to pay card bill
I have been taking care of him ever since.
I tried to erase the memory of her crying.
She is well known in both India and China.
Total amount in my previous bill was wrong
I cannot view or credit in my PPF account
Total SMS count in my previous bill was incorrect
Can you confirm you address?
What should I do if the Contactless POS machine is not available at the merchant outlet?
No, Thank you
How much do I need to pay you?
Why have I not received my last month bill yet ?
One and one make eleven
Will I get notification about the expiry of my debit card points?
the maximum amount of Deposit which can be placed shall be Rs.1,50,000
Methodology of interest calculation
I want to quit smoking
From where the customer can get the contact numbers for lodging a complaint?
Is there any time limit for the card issuing banks for recrediting the customers account for a failed ATM/WLA transaction
I am extrovert person
what color is your car?
How can i transfer money from one bank to other?
How can I reset my net banking password ?
Please provide your temporary address.
What is my bill amount?
I want to receive notification for my account activity
Whom should I contact for linking of multiple JP Miles account?
Enter one sentence per submission only
That's all for today.
I want to dance today
May I know your name ?
what information do you want ?
Better able to analyze workforce and identify gaps, develop gap closure plans
can I change your plan now
My monthly bill is approximately Rs 500
yes please change my plan to 499
sir your plan has been changed to 499 effective now
I had great fun tonight
please share the sms code for check remaining data balance left
What is postpaid? I want to know the various plans available
I want to know the ARC/airtel store address and contact details
What are smartpacks
Is it possible i can change my billing address
phone got stolen so block the sim
My data card is not working
What is my bill plan?
I want to disconnect post paid and convert to prepaid
You have to go to the nearest outlet and fill a form along with passport size photo to convert your account from post paid to pre-paid
What is the expiry date of my phone sim card?
no...not at all
How do I learn without any help ?
I would like to activate data plan on my mobile plan.
How can you charge the extra amount for internet which I never used?
I am having issue with my phone network since morning.
I want to close my broadband account
I would like to know about Payment details made 1 year back.
Can you tell me, What was the charge for?
I want to change my bill plan
How to close my number
I want to know my KYC document I have submitted for my account.
Is i will be notify after Maturity of fixed deposit
When is he going to be back?
Our area seems to be having some network issue.
Through the customer call, call center executive holds the call with customer permission on a query and hang up in case if they dont have resolution. Its pain for customer to call again and start over
Please can u change this plan to my number?
Customer Care Executive: Hello Sir, Thanks for calling customer care. How may I help you?
I have raised the request since long back.
What will happen if credit is not afforded to the account of the beneficiary?
Can a transaction be originated to draw (receive) funds from another account?
Is there anyway a customer can come to know quickly whether a fraudulent transaction has taken place using his/her card?
How can I Configure data settings?
Hello How may I help you ?
i want to know the status of my sim activation request
What if the transaction fails?
What if I want to change my scheduled payment date?
Oh really?
What bank my account is in ?
i want to change my address with my mobile number
I want to change my details against my number
I want to recharge my mobile number in roaming area
In my location network is very slow please register a complaint
my sim was damaged please replace it and let me know the procedure for it
I had already made a mistake
call transfer is not applicable in call center
how to activate data billing
Checking Account Balance for account ending 3456
what is Retention?
what is the feature of data card
what is Tariff?
how to activate tariff
I want to update Address of my ac
who will help with detail bills
can we make payment via credit card
how to activate sim
how to checks status of sim
Send me my credit card statement for for this year? from April/last financial year
where to check customer details
how to check network
[Upgrade] debit card not reached - status please
how to check coverage
what is Procedure to check Balance?
I want to stop cheque process
how to change caller tune
why are you not able to browse?
how to receive calls
what is Roaming Activation?
what is the speed of Video Call
Thank you Ashu Bhat
It would be better
Could you please send the detailed bill to my mail id
Will my handset support 4G
Which station you want to travel?
I want to deactivate my 3G
what is the process of getting refund?
May I know the last 5 transaction of my account?
How can i change my bill plan
what is Router ?
Can you show my Bill Plan ?
last weekend i went to Shimla
When will I be charged late payment fees and how much?
I want to change my bill plan.
How is today's weather
How old you are?
but i did not get the balance
What you think , about Steve Jobs.
How is Garage progress wrt to Deliveries.
Tariff plan
How To Increase Your OBSERVATION POWER
I have paid the correct amount
I want to know the balance for my current account
I am working in CITI account
May I have your employee id.
What is the difference between General Insurance and Life Insurance?
I want to get my mobile number deactivated, what should I do?
Paddy is a Kharif crop
Mustard is a Oilseed
Please restore my 4G services.
Welcome to the Punjab National Bank. What can I do for you today?
Can you change my data plan?
My bill amount is incorrect.
I want to change my bill plan
Can you rectify the bad call quality?
Thank you for being on hold
I want to change my bill plan
Please lower down the volume
Can I say something ?
We need to execute this plan as soon as possible.
4) What are 4G plan available ?
How do I get my PUK number?
How do I reconnect my no after expiry of Safe Custody?
How do I reconnect my no after expiry of Safe Custody?
What is Safe Custody?
How do I reconnect my no after expiry of Safe Custody?
How can I  redeem my Rewards through Mobile App?
Within what time will I get the items redeemed against the rewards points?
Can I add the reward points I have on multiple cards or transfer them from one card account to another?
How can I view the status of my previous orders?
Can I have a separate username and password for using the online rewards redemption and for accessing credit card account?
Can Reward Points be redeemed towards items to be delivered to others?
What is points + pay option?
I had received damaged or wrong products, what do I do?
For which all credit cards can I avail BT for?
For which all credit cards can I avail BT for?
What is the amount of Balance Transfer I can avail with BT on EMI service?
What is the amount of Balance Transfer I can avail with BT on EMI service?
Are there any processing charges for booking Flexipay?
How can I book Encash?
What is the interest rate applicable for Encash?
i met your father yesterday
How do I check my Bills on the Website?
You son is a very honest person.
I am not getting the internet speed which was promised to me
The bank sold my mortgage loan to another financial institution without my permission. Can it do this?
Which is the best smartphone?
What are the learning topics
I am learning Hindi.
This plan is too expensive
I want a top up for my personal loan.
i can do anything.
You have to bring photographs, address proof for joint saving account opening
I want to change my bill plan
I want to change my residential address.
I have received wrong bill amount
I want to know if there is a better plan , that i can buy .
The information provided by you is incorrect.
This is request for change of address
still not working
What are the general eligibility conditions for availing a home loan?
How does my salary influence my home loan amount?
Please stay on the line while I transfer your call to my senior for better assistance
What are the various document needed to apply for vehicle loan?
When will you travel?
My bill is incorrect
3. The internet speed I am availing is 4G and I am using Mi Notes 3 handset.
I want to speak to your higher official.
Write your address clearly.
So who does pay for the service?
Where can I find information about scheme determinations?
Is it possible to pay a high fee and only save a little money?
What happens at the end of the agreement?
Why is my bill high this month
I want to repay my loan
Please make it to work
Please check it
let me understand
Please let me think
What is the rate of interest on my loan account.
How to activate DND
I am not able to view old bills.
How to deactivate DND
Thanks for stopping by, we hope to hear from you again!
I want to deactivate roaming plan on my phone number
Hello! It looks like you've been inactive for a while. Can we help you find anything?
You've haven't moved for a while—lost in thought? Or do you need help locating something?
Hey there! It seems like you've been inactive for a few minutes. Did you need help navigating our site?
For verification purposes mam, Can I get your name and birthdate, please?
Is there anything else, may i help you with?
I want to get 3 month bill details for my phone number
If you give me your account number I can begin looking up your information.
What is online banking
May I ask for some more information before we continue?
what documents are required to get a home loan .
We apologize, but at this time we're unable to meet that request.
3G service is not compatible on my phone, please deactivate it.
For verification purposes mam, Can I get your name and date of birth, please?
Please let me know my talk time offers
why did you cut my main balance
Thanks for giving me the modified bill
I want to know about a scheme which has data plan only but not talk time plan.
i am fine and you
please send me account details.
What is the Tariff for making International Calls?
when I try to call it always disconnects
I want to change my bill plan can you give me call
Your refund will be initiated within 48hrs.
what is the process to change my bill cycle?
I am very proud to be an IBMer.
Thanks for your help and support
who is the prime minister of india?
i have done my training today.
I want to check my bill
i saw an road accident in morning .
I am a good player.
Why don’t you ever go on vacation?
Thank you so much
My Bill amount seems too much
you are responsible for this
My bill amount is incorrect
my friend is calling me
My home phone line is dead
I want to know the last bill of my number
watson is learning
please allocate a locker to me
Hello Sir can i get your phone number
what is your address?
Call the Vodafone support number and go through the automated prompt until you reach the option indicating you would like to speak to an agent.
We have a special plan to for you one is adding data plan in to your plan so the bill amount will reduce
have a good day
I want to change caller tune
I belongs from kerala
We are going to submit assignment on 20th September, 2017
Bye Take care
I want to make a change to my subscription pack?
how do i enable the services for international calling?
I want to understand my current usage charges
What's your mother's name?
How can I stop my Value added Services?
I want to change my home address in bank
How to get rental rebate?
How much data did i use this last month?
what is the balance amount in my account.
Did you call the customer care for the query you had on internet banking
Operator : Sure sir, let me check
what are the learning topics?
I got more bill.
what is the maximum amount I can withdraw from my account in one day.
How may I help you?
Well, then look on the back of the monitor and find where the power cord goes into it. Can you see that?
When you were behind the monitor, did you notice that there were two cables plugged into the back of it, not just one?
Did you came office today?
what is the bill amount for your phone number
is there any plan for me to invest small amount for short term?
Because there's a power failure
take it back to the store
How do I take a demand draft from a bank by paying with cheque?
What plans do you have for data related packs
I would be asking the same questions as you are.
I would come to the same conclusion.
Change the billing address
What is my bill amount
Please de activate my sim no - 985436
How will the fixed deposit maturity amount be transferred?
What are the features of the e-Bill Pay service
Use your existing bank accounts to make payments
Can you give me some discount on my bill?
What is the EMI on a 30 lac home loan?
I need to visit branch to receive my 5 Year Tax Saving Fixed Deposit proceeds on maturity?
Do you want to know the balance in your account?
I have done the recharge of Rs. 100 yesterday, but still i didn't get the benefit of topup recharge. Please look into this. Mobile number corresponding to which recharge is done is: 9871XXXXXX
what is the 3G rate plan
You can consider Ashu as a best employee.
what is your PIN code?
When will my FD mature?
Why we should hire you for our company?
a wrong VAS has been deactivated in my number
How can I check validity of this special service?
3G Data Card (PC Card)
Can you explain me my current month billed amount?
Will I get a standby handset in case of faulty one ?
How can I get my address changed in my loan account?
What will be the cost of 3G handset ?
What are the charges I have to pay to change the mode of repayment/ account for my loan?
I want to reset my ATM PIN
It's bank policy not to accept fictitious addresses. I am instructed by bank security policy to ask the following questions?
When is the last date for bill payment?
What is the current plan.
when does my billing cycle start?
How was our services?
Can you please assist me ?
if incase I am moving from one state to anothor, can I use my same mobile number there also?
What is the last payment date on my home loan?
What is the last payment date on my gold loan?
what is the interest rate for home loan
I am suffering with cold.
what is the minimum amount to open the account ?
thanks a lot
miss call alert is not working on my sim
deactivate miss call alert on my phone
restroom is there
I am facing coverage problem in my area.
i want to update my new mobile number in customer detail
i want to change my home address in banking detail
What is my customer Id?
we are going for party today
feeling headache
What will be the charges for WIFI facility
Can I convert post paid number to prepaid number
will this sim will work in 4G mobile
Does  your company  provide fixed line phone connection
I want to apply for fixed line phone connection
I have reported this issue many times.
What is the procedure for cards reported lost or stolen?
My bill amount is incorrect
I was not aware about 60 day's time frame for lodging complaint. So can I lodge the same now i.e. after 60 days? Are there any chances that I will get my money back?
Do you know anything about watson?
How are you?
Thank you for holding the call
I want to do an MNP of my Postpaid connection from Vodafone to Airtel.
Thank you for calling
India is one of the beatiful country to visit.
My account has got locked
How can I deactivate my SIM?
Is there any roaming offers on your network?
Do left data is carried forward in next month?
I want register a complain related to my SIM closure.
Is there any terms and conditions applied for the same?
Do I need a separate SIM to use 4G services?
Change my address registered to my mobile number ending with 4563
Do I need to buy a specific 4G device?
How to know my call charges?
Is international roaming allowed on your network?
I want to activate the conference call service on my number
Can u please explain me about fixed deposit schemes
My boss's name is Sandeep
Can a service provider levy charge for provision of hard copy of the bill?
Can TRAI help a consumer in resolving individual complaints?
Will both our salaries be taken into consideration for calculating the loan amount ?
How do I replace my ATM card with a debit card?
Where can I avail the housing loans ?
my phone charge is not charging
Thank you for calling random company. Have a great day ahead!!
Do you know about india?
Generally indian people speak in hindi.
I need to change my address
India is a land of diversities and the most amazing fact is that throughout these 63 years of independence,India today has grown up to be one of the most powerful nations in the world.
I am getting charged extra.
What is the procedure to permanently close my account?
Fill the Subscriber Enrollment Form and submit your ID & address proof documents.
Press 1 to get information in English , press 2 for Hindi
I am unable to browse internet
Can I port my number if I am on a pre-paid service?
What do you need to consider carefully before you port?
How to download receipt of bill paid?
My name is wrong
please correct my name
Hey, I’ve still got problems with my phone. I already called 2 hours ago, do you remember?
May I help you?
Well, we have many to choose from.
In the living hall
My Account balance is nill
Is there any penalty levied for insufficient fund in the customer account?
Is there any charge applicable for opting this Standing Instruction facility?
What are the benefits of upgrading to 4G for me
ATM is not accepting my card
How many specimen signatures do you need?
How much do I have to deposit to open a current account?
Do you like our country india ?
Can a salary account have a joint applicant
what is your telephone number
I've forgotten the PIN number for my card
Is agricultural sector backbone of Indian Economy?
Hello, R&S enterprises, this is Peter speaking. How may I be of help to you today?
Which is the nearest signal tower to my residence
I rarely get the network for this sim card I have brought
I want to activate International Roaming.
can you confirm what is my savings balance
what is your name?
Please deactivate / activate auto debit facility
I want water bottle right now.
What is your name?
How do I change my bill plan
What is your name?
Since yesterday, I am facing issues with your network.
This is quite frustrating sometimes
where are you going?
how can i record my voice?
An easy way to do that is to
Today I am going to teach you about refund inquiry and process to be followed.
Never share your password to anyone
Can you help me in this matter?
I want to return my purchased product
how much are the cheque bouncing charges
I used the ‘Buy it now’ option , paid $49.95 plus $7.50 shipping via PayPal and My eBay username is priya1991.
but Now the watch has stopped working and  It is my view that under Indian Consumer Law, this watch is:
I know how frustrating it can be – let’s see how I can help you
I want to know my internet speed
I participate in all cultural activities happens in organization
I would like to return the watch to you, to see if it can be repaired. If you cannot repair it, I would like you to refund the cost of the watch and my return postage costs.
What types of data plan you have
Can customers leave feedback and why is customer feedback important?
How and when do I get paid?
Does Flipkart provide packaging material?
Where would you like to be in your career five years from now?
Why should we hire you?
What did you like least about your last job?
I have lost my phone, please deactivate my sim card.
Will there be any fee which will be charged for replacement debit card?
Is my sim activated
please give my receipt of my cheque book
Please provide me the details of offers available on debit and credit cards.
How long does it take to receive the funds?
Currently following services are active on your number.
Yes, it is.
Printers are sold separately.
What else comes with the computers?
The keyboard, mouse, and speakers.
Have you used this app before?
ATM is not accepting my pin
what is your name?
What are the requirements for buying a 4G connection
I would like to open a joint account with my wife
Do you know hindi ?
Can a Company ID card be accepted as a Photo ID document
My last month bill is not correct
I want to activate hello tunes on my number
I want to activate international roaming on my number
I want to discontinue the Services of this number
you need to submit a zerox of aadhar card and PAN card
Where does the rivers end?
How much interest can i get on a recurring deposit?
My train is late
Which is the nearest planet from Sun?
If you wish to purchase US dollars to travel abroad, you will approach any bank branch authorized for such activity
nice to meet you
It's very hot today
How long have you been working here?
Is there any plan for roaming?
Where do you stay?
How much distance is there from home to office?
I want to know any corporate plan .
How can I keep an eye on my bank account and check my balance?
Sorry for the inconvenience madam. May I have your Account Number, please,
How to apply for a new cheque book
How to apply for a new ATM card
Will cash transaction charges be levied if I deposit/withdraw money from my account in excess of free limits?
How do I cancel my subscription for an application?
What is the due date of issue of telephone bill
Are there any charges for duplicate copy of statements on credit card?
I want to thank you for your kindness.
What is always-on? service? Will there be call charges?
Are there any charges for the Priority Pass?
How can the customer cancel the credit card?
Do I need to register my new Chip and PIN card for 3D Secure for online transactions?
What is difference between cellular mobile and WLL mobile?
Can I use this PIN for cash withdrawals?
Is there any provision to get temporary/ casual cellular connection?
Does BSNL provides handset?
How can I find out the contact information of the complaint author for network coverage?
How can I contact Complaints support team?
How to make calls to a pager operator?
What is video ring back tone ?
How many persons can simultaneously have video conferencing ?
What is video streaming ?
What will happen to my voice call if I move from 3G to 2G area ?
What will happen to my data call (data card) while moving from 3G to 2G network ?
How to subscriber for the Audio Conferencing Service?
What is the petrol price today?
i am unable to call
I have taken an OD facility against my NRE/ NRO/ FCNR FD. Can I deposit the Cash in the Overdraft account?
I am an NRI/ PIO. Do I have to complete the Re-KYC in my account to be able to exchange or deposit the specified bank notes?
Hello, What is your name?
My current bank account status is active or not
how to activate this plan?
How will I go to office?
How do I proceed for change of address
how are you
what is required for car loan ?
please message me app download link
Thanks, for your valuable time and support
I am not happy with your services. I want to talk to your supervisor.
May i know your 10 digit phone number
What is my account balance?
I want to know regarding all plans available
EMI can be avail for how many period on my credit card?
Hello, I am Chandan Singh, and have an existing request to follow up.
You will get your money instantly there.
On availing the EMI facility the reward points if any that have been accrued on the Original transaction shall be reversed.
Service Tax will be applicable on Processing Fee, Foreclosure fee and interest amount and will be billed in the same statement in which the above charges are levied.
Do i need to fill KYC.
What is my saving account balance?
Can i increase or decrease the amount of monthly EMI?
what will be the cash withdrawal limit from debit  card
i need to change my handset
I want to block my ATM.
How to apply for a loan?
Schedule my Rent for 1st of every month.
Where is my debit card ? Customer ID is 87377378743.
In which class does your brother read
How do you handle working with people who annoy you?
I want to reset PIN of my debit card.
If you had to choose one, would you consider yourself a big-picture person or a detail-oriented person?
Sure thing. Do you have any accounts with us at the moment?
If you were interviewing someone for this position, what traits would you look for?
Why did you choose your major?
What kind of car do you drive?
Why do you want this job?
If you were at a business lunch and you ordered a rare steak and they brought it to you well done, what would you do?
Was there a person in your career who really made a difference?
Ok, great. Firstly, what credit limit would you like to apply for?
What is my monthly EMI for the the home loan?
What is the process to pre close the home loan?
I wanted to change billing address of my mobile.
where do you live ?
Education is essential part of our life.
How can I help you?
How do I check the details for non-receipt of my cheque book
how to calculate maturity value of fixed deposit
I want to change email of my ebill
How many days in a month?
What are the offers available for my number
sorry for the inconvenience
Please set a Standing instruction of 1000 Rs for 5 years to debit my Saving Account and credit the recurring deposit account on every month 5th day.
What is the capital of India?
Raksha is my friend
How do I check my Account balance?
you are so beautiful
How i can activate my phone number ?
I think there are still some gaps in our understanding.
What are the documents required for SIM exchange?
How can I download 3G services setting on my mobile?
What are the charges to activate caller tune?
I am calling because I received a wrong bill.
roaming is not working on my mobile
I am looking forward to upgrade my skills.
I have not yet received my new ATM cum Debit card.
how can i redeem my reward points on my bank account
What are your terms and conditions?
Oh, it is very simple. We take 14% interest on the loan.
Yes, Sure...Well, when I am trying to connect net, then it is showing connected but I am not able to access the internet.
Sorry for the inconvenience Sir
Thank you for remaining so positive.
I want to thank you for taking the time to speak with me today.
That would frustrate me, too.
Can I cancel my Porting request?
Where are your from?
Graham Bell had invented telephone
I want to change my bill plan
May I know your mobile number ??
i am unable to connect to internet
what is your email?
What is the due date of issue of telephone bill
I require international roaming services in my mobile
Are you able to complete the process successfully ?
My phone is not working
How can I convert my purchase to EMI
Please review your contact details.
can you give me cup of tea soon.
How can I activate message updates on my mobile number
How will i get my premium paid receipt?
i want to know best calling plan
My bill amount is incorrect
What details required for home loan?
can you speak in english
pay my bill
Which Bills can I pay using the CREDIT CARD service?
5. what would be my EMI amount for the bill of Rs 100000 for 12 months?
My address is incorrect.
where are you going now
i WILL BE THERE
I am going to school
i want to check my home address in my ICICI bank account
end my recharge problem solve it
Airtel mobile best plan for STD and internet
Can you please check my internet speed
What is the procedure to get Name Changed in account details
why the amount got deducted from my account?
I got to go at my home.
Never share your password with anyone for security reason
work hard
Can I apply for a loan to your bank to repay a Home Loan availed by me from another Bank?
I know how frustrating it can be – let’s see how I can help you.
When do I start repaying the principal amount?
Could you please let me know the ROI of housing and composite loans.
That's really a great idea.
We should keep our promise.
I explained the rule to him.
Spanish is the world's second most spoken first language, after Mandarin Chinese.
How to activate broadband connection
How to create gmail account
Can I make savings account as my salary account?
4G drains out data quickly
I want to get my Bill statement.
We can work together to answer your questions, but only if we can discuss the matter calmly
Sita goes to home
I want to return my purchased product
how are you?
This is the best data plan for someone with your particular needs
Hello How are you
We’ve had a lot of positive feedback on the new plan.
This is the best plan for your particular needs.
I am technology savvy
If I do not hear from you, I will have no other option but to take my complaint further.
I want to add Welcome Tune as a value added service on my Airtel number.
I want to deactivate my number.
I want to change my current address.
Take a right turn from next round about
When is my Fixed deposit will mature?
Today is a good day
I want to change my billing address as i have shifted my house
choose when to pay them
I am facing an issue with my network
how to change bill address?
I want to update my billing address
Online access anytime, anywhere
Why is there so much charge on my bill?
I need a micro simcard
How can i add additional values in my plan?
Kindly deactivate the given SIM number.
Already sent an SMS but no response.
I am sorry for this,can I have your new address please.
Can you please help to check the balance in my account.
Will the bank issue a TDS certificate?
I want to change by billing address
What is the customer type that can apply for an fixed deposit?
How can I change my billing address?
How much is my Bill
I am not able to access internet
Total security and privacy while making payments
What is the data usage limit in my existing bill plan?
This is the best solution to your problem..
Where should i go for my problems?
I have not received hard copy of my bill.
I need duplicate bill for month of june
I want to start e-bill and stop paper bill facility for my mobile account.
Can you please provide me april months bill.
Recharge not reflecting on my account
From this month onwards you will get the itemized bill.
Network coverage is poor in my area
Tap on the prepaid account from the home screen and select Recharge History to get the status of your recharge.
No Sir it is free.
I want to activate 3G data plan on my number.
I want to know total outstanding
To make any changes to your profile:Login to your account on airtel.
Do you have any better data tariff on my number?
Sir, you would need your PAN card along with your Adhaar card.
Is it possible to use my credit card over the limit?
There are no charges for a locker for an account holder of bank.
Give me some time while I check the details
I utilized my credit card limit 100%, I need to use credit card for medical emergency, is it possible?
my Plan Infinity - Plan for users who want unlimited benefits
is it possible to approve to use my credit card over the limit?
I am post-paid customer. Will I get the same credit-limit with new Mobile Operator as with my current Mobile operator
Can I cancel my Porting request
What is KYC & KYC documents
I have salary account with your bank, is it possible to pay my credit card bill from your end with my telephonic approval?
How SMS plan was activated in my current bill plan
Is I am best?
What is my name?
How do I repay the loan?
Does the property have to be insured?
Tell me my mobile SMS balance ?
Explain my postpaid bill of month of August ?
I have any roaming offer on my mobile number ?
Can we convert gold purchase into EMI?
How to avail of EMI On Credit Card?
I have not received my ATM card yet
I want to open a RD account in your bank
I want to surrender my sim card
I want to open a fixed deposit account
Recharge mom's mobile for 178 rs.
Yes. You get your recharge immediately.
I want to stop payment of my cheque no.018896
Companies should inform to user before balance deduction
Why i am getting less data.
Is the data presented of high quality and has it been analyzed correctly? If the analysis is incorrect, what should the authors do to correct this?
What are my payment options?
Just hold on for a second
For taking locker service is it mandatory to open account in your bank
railway reseravation message is coming on mobile
tell me more about this
My bill amount is incorrect
i have been facing Poor Voice Quality now a days.
My bill amount is incorrect
My bill amount is incorrect
Please help me with the is error code it is showing on the slip sir
Can you please help me out with railway tickets?
What is my current phone bill plan?
I m learning auto watch portal
What is my account number
This is critical to the production deployment
Meanwhile, with encouragement from her husband, Mridula honed her writing skills and experimented with the short story format. She was interested in cultural matters and village traditions
It is nice to meet you.
Wait a little.
I want to know about my credit card bill cycle
Please call me
Why there is no data in the DB2 tables
Which company you work with?
What is your name.
What's going on
Internet was stopped last night .worst service
I want to receive my last 3 bills
How do I know if its the correct way?
Please tell your future plan.
Noida stands at 17th place when it comes to cleanliness among cities in India
Can i put your call on hold?
How watson can help in data analytics?
How do I Get Bill on eMail?
we apologize for keeping you on hold
How can I change my tariff plan?
Did you complete the work ?
Bills Not Received on time
How can i schedule my Credit Card Payment
what is the status of my request
what are the current offers going on
please issue me my home loan provisional certificate
Please increase my credit card limit.
how can I change the setting of my account?
Please don't call me
6 How can Check the available branch of you bank in a sector
8 How much interest can I get on a Fd.
How can I recharge my mobile number?
Why should I opt for 4G?
what you want to learn?
i want to apply for credit card
Please change my bill plan
Please deactivate data plan
Where are Himalayas situated in India?
Can I get a data plan for 10 days
how much EMI amount I need to pay for 10 year, 15 years or 20 Years.
my office is in basement, i do not get coverage there
Will you provide customer ID to check my details on home loan?
How i can open a Bank account?
How to lock system
How to open email?
what is my bill plan?
Please need to know the process for getting a new SIM allocated
what is my name?
MY TICKET NO IS WRONG
He is poor, but happy.
How to unsubscribe from International Roaming?
What are the international roaming call charges?
I have forgotten my profile password
Can I have a seat please?
How do I transfer mobile ownership
i need a new connection
This facility is available only for individual customers
I am not able to access data related services on my phone
I want to change my plan
thank you for the information
You can review your electronic bill
I need a new data plan
Please activate my new sim
I do want to remove all VAS services from my mobile connection.
transparent
I want to avail loan from the bank.
What is my loan tenure?
I want the details of my account
I have not yet received the debit card.
hi,I have recently moved my house,can I log the ticket to update my new address against my account details.
I want to activate my roaming.
I would like to terminate my connection !
Call center is a service desk, where a large volume of calls are handled by the customer associate in order to render services to the client.
Please share your new address for billing purposes?
Hello,How are you?
Do I always need an electronic bill to make payments
Isn’t the debit card process supposed to be paperless?
How to report my lost debit card
I want to close my credit card.
What is the current interest rate for Term Deposit of five years
what is the GST impact in my postpaid mobile bill
What happens if I fail to submit the requested documents?
What is my outstanding loan amount?
if i am porting form airtel prepaid to airtel postpaid what will happen to my prepaid balance
how to deactivate handset barring
can I subscribe multiple package at same time
please brief me about my subscribed plan
who are you?
How may I help you ?
you have a low balance in your phone
you are also beautiful
what is data pack ?
If you come here, we shall help you
How often PIN can be changed?
Can you please tell me what is the due amount on my account?
I am facing network issue in my sector.
What are the modes of accident covered under Personal Accidental Death Cover?
What is the time by your watch?
I want to change my bill plan
My credit card is lost, please block it
What are the processing fees charged by the bank?
If I have funds, is it still worthwhile to avail of a bank loan for buying a house?
i want to talk to your senior manager
if i need a locker in your bank, will i need to submit any extra documents?
What are the service charges applicable for RTGS/NEFT transactions?
ram is eating food.
I am reading.
I am singing a song.
She was crying.
what are the different data plans
is remaining data carried forward to next month for pre paid bill plan
Could you please send internet settings on my number?
how can i submit a new request for cheque book?
Can you please provide me your address ?
i am having backache.
United States of America
MY UNCLE BOUGHT ME THIS BOOK
IT WAS REALLY CHEAP
When and where were you born?
Are you married?
i want to apply for home loan
I want to activate Chahiyan Chahiyan song on my phone.
I cannot help you!
I want any pack which gives me 1000 STD minutes.
Please return my amount in my account.
I want to change my plan?
I want to block my number
Please remove caller tune from my account right now.
1. I want to Change my Data Plan?
My Mobile networks drops intermittently.
Thanks for your interest and we hope to see you there.
Hello operator may I know the number of Mr. Ashu Bhat of Bellford Street?
This is not easy.
Thank you, have a good day!
what is the basic plan for only incoming call
Oh, I'm so sorry to hear about that Ma'm. Don't worry, I'm here to help you out.
You have charged wrongly
Net speed is very slow
Will Members Telecom invoice our fixed-line, mobile or data services separately?
Please change my mobile number.
I want to know DND procedure to activate on my number
This is the worst customer service support I have ever got
my refund amount is not added to my wallet please check and let me know the status
what is the plan for an internet
what should i do to have an internet plan?
what is late fee?
how to deactivate data billing
i have a system error
what is Refund Not Received?
Single Fixed Deposit Check Fixed Deposit balance
my voice is too clear
what is the warranty of data card
how to deactivate tariff
what is Duplicate Bill?
i do not have any problem to send bill on your mail
how to migrate connection
how to transfer the call
what are the charges to transfer the call
what is good network
what is Caller Tune?
Alternate cheque book ordering (Request a re-delivery request for cheque book if already ordered)
how to deactivate Service SMS
what is Bill Delivery Status?
how to Change Address?
how to check status of roaming
what is Credit Verification?
Welcome to IBM.
How can i  open my current account?
to get locker, you need to submit address proof document.
i want to stop particular cheque payment
How much interest on saving account?
Show the spend analysis for last month on my Debit card?
Send me e-statement for my account.
How can I change branch for my account?
Can you guide me on how to apply for Initial Public Offerings through my netbanking?
Kindly email me the account statement.
I request for a new cheque book of 50 pages minimum.
I believe my mobile bill is reflecting wrong this month.
Apply for New Card
Apply for Priority Pass
Why I am getting my mobile bills so late?
I want to know the balance of my data package
Can I withdraw money from ATM machine from the linked fixed deposit account?
I have lost my debit card. So I want to raise a request to block my card immediately
How can one generate Credit Card PIN through ATM?
May I try one of your computers out?
There’s an automated answering machine and staff are available 9 to 5 seven days a week
How many sales people do you have?
Please check my current balance
I am planning to buy a new car
I have paid my bill amount but still not updated can you please check once
Is this Standing Instruction facility available only through Netbanking?
The cash I requested from ATM didnot match the cash received.
I want a cheque book
I want open a saving account.
what is process to activate 4g service.
My recharged amount is not reflecting in my balance
I want to buy a laptop.
my date of birth is 3rd feb 1987.
A man is great by deeds, not by birth
What is the procedure of sim porting
We should drink plenty of water as it is good for health
press 1 for password reset
i have not yet received my order
Can you please tell me your order number
Also, i would like to my existing data plan.
Write the name of different computer storage device.
What is the number of Computer Generation?
How to update email address in Adhaar Card?
How to download videos from Youtube
How to draw a Rose?
please give me a call back after 5 mins.
How to gain weight?
Please do not share your pin.
come home soon
I am not at all happy with your service
how i can update my registered mobile number ?
I am facing same issue once again
Welcome to your official Philips UK & Ireland customer support feed. We're here to help with your queries, so feel free to tweet us!
data balance is nil
How do i make stop cheque payment
My office is in Hinjewadi
I want to change my address on bills.
I want to change pin of my debit card, how to do
Could you please explain new more efficient bill plan available with you?
What are the ISD charges for the plan on my mobile number?
i want to know the details of my plan
The pizza smells delicious.
Do you also assist in Tax saving
what are current interest rate for home loan ?
I have lost my credit card.
I ran a mile.
Your mobile number can get you loads of payback points.
Improve customer satisfaction instantly
your change address request is accepted
what are you doing tommorow
I own a bike of TVS
I want to upgrade to a 4G plan.
I want to deposit a check.
Dil cheez kya hai aap meri jaan maang lo.
The man hit me on the head.
What is my saving bank account balance?
what is the minimum balance for savings account
I work in IBM.
Are you married?
can you explain me my bill
What is database.
What are you doing?
I want to activate caller tone on my number.
What are the permitted timings for Telemarketers?
i want to know about recharge plans on my number.
Can i talk with your seniors ?
what is my call rate ?
What is the international call charges on my plan.
Can you let me know the my current calling plans
Please tell me my last three recharges plans .
What are all documents required for new connection
There is no austerity equal to a balanced mind, and there is no happiness equal to contentment; there is no disease like covetousness, and no virtue like mercy.
what is the process of MNP
What is my bill amount due for the month of August?
I like to Travel in Office Cab
i want to talk to your manager
I want to activate sms alerts for transaction.
what is my gross income ?
How to get a duplicate bill?
How do I get re-connection after disconnection?
What is the payment procedure for the bills ?
My bill amount is incorrect
Where is Taj Mahal : Agra or  Mumbai?
Bank is providing 10% interest on saving account.
My mobile is not working
Have you purchased the sim for free?
i want to speak to your manager?
Please dial after few minutes
I want to know about my last recharge .
what is your name
This is a verification call
what is my bill for last month of credit card
My 3G Internet speed is slow
i am feeling like to eat samosa.
My bill amount is Rs 511
May I Know which services are activated on my number?
What is my data balance?
Thank you for your support !
Good day to you sir!
what is your name?
What is today's weather forecast?
he is a nice person
Always wear seat belt while driving a car
I am happy to help you !
Good morning sir
Sir, Your issue will be resolved in next 48 hours.
Sir, Please be patient with me as my system is taking a little longer to show the details of your account.
Could you please tell me what are do you doing
How to link all my bank accounts
How to apply for new fixed deposit
i want to teach hindi
where are you?
If any other questions arise, please feel free to contact us at any time. Thanks so much for calling. Good bye.
I need some information for last balance amount deduction from my account number.
How is weather today
Peacock is National Bird of India
What is my bank account number.
What's my current price plan?
what bank will do if i don't find my things in locker safe?
My number is not in use.
How to update PAN card
She knew the story already.
where can I find ATM near here?
how many hours my number will not functional?
i want to know the process of deactivation of mobile number
IBM India head quarter is in Bangalore
Can i use my phone number international
I am unable to access internet?
Why your support is not available during night
Where are you going ?
I want to activate 3G services on my number?
help others to help yourself
Thank you for keeping the call on hold
I want to know my current payment status?
how should I travel to Rwanda with business visa
do you have flights available in night to New York
I want to register a complaint for low data speed.
Thank you for being on line, it will take some more time to check your information please be on line..
i want to know about Credit Card Limit
I want to change my book
I want a new sim card
In 499 you will get unlimited local and std calls
My Bill was not generated.
please suggest about value added services
Reduced time to fill talent needs due to better understanding of internal talent
More substantive and actionable career conversations with employees
Important to maintain currency
please update billing address in your accounts
It's bank policy not to accept fictitious addresses.
I am instructed by bank security policy to ask the following questions, are you a terrorist, sex offender, money launderer or professional athlete?
From our perspective, it’s a little different. Let me explain
Well, yes and no—can I tell you how we see it?
I want to know about the nodal and appellate procedure
what is the time ?
How can I make calls and send/receive SMS from my number while I am overseas
meeting was rescheduled
when will my address updation start reflecting?
what is my bill plan?
Do you have a email?
Please check my network speed in my area .
Enter a 4 digit debit card PIN of your choice and confirm your new ATM PIN.
nice to meet you
Select ‘Generate debit card PIN’ option and enter your 16 digit debit card number
Enter 4 digit debit card PIN of your choice. Confirm debit card PIN and select ‘Submit’
What is the validity date of my Credit Card?
I have signal problems in my house. Therefore I would like to get my network changed.
Where is my home
what is the process to change a number from prepaid to postpaid?
what is my address?
how to deactivate a number?
is there anything else i can help you?
How long will it take to update a change of address?
What is the time taken to realize outstation cheques?
I am sucked
what is your bill plan
How much time do I have to exchange the notes?
I am an NRI/ PIO. I had withdrawn cash from the NRE account for utilization while on my visit in India. Can I deposit the cash back into the NRE account?
when did i open the account?
There is an entry in my bill that i do not understand
Are there fees for requesting a replacement debit card?
You are stupid.
What are your terms and conditions ?
How is a debit card different from a credit card?
How do I set up alerts to track my debit card and account activity?
What is a virtual card?
What is the bank's holiday schedule in 2017?
Where can I get more information about FDIC insurance?
What are the important documents that I need to provide?
I have forgot my password
I want to change my bill plan
When does the beneficiary get the credit for a RTGS payment?
my phone is not working
If an RTGS transaction is not credited to a beneficiary account, does the Remitter get back the money?
What is my phone bill amount?
I want to change my billing cycle
I want to do a job.
I want details about the broadband plan
You could have done that time.
We have called you regarding your ticket
Please let me know when you were able to use it last time
Good Morning Sir, How may I help you today
Need to have a new connection
can i make the repayment of credit card thru cheque  ?
I want to create a family plan, Can you help on that?
how can  I automatically gets update on my mobile number
I am not able to login to my account ?
What are the documents needed for new connection
I have lost my phone will you be able to block my sim
What is your name?
How can i divert calls from my phone to a different phone?
We spent a total of ten years in Okara
So what do you do now?
Describe how you would handle a situation if you were required to finish multiple tasks by the end of the day, and there was no conceivable way that you could finish them
What do you see yourself doing within the first 30 days of this job?
List five words that describe your character
What is your favorite memory from childhood?
How you should answer those dreaded negative interview questions
Give examples of ideas you’ve had or implemented
Ok. We have three cards available with a Rs. 5,0000 spending limit. Are you looking for reward program with your card?
What is my eligibility for home loan?
What is the process of slow and homogeneous cooling of glass called?
I want to remove My Caller Tune. How can I do that?
How to get 4G Sim Card?
How often PIN can be changed
what is current billing amount
What is the meaning of Loan?
Hi, i have recharged my number with 200 rupees. Can you please send the bill to my e-mail?
What is the meaning of quality?
What is mean by multiple transfers?
i want to update nominee for my account
how I can change my mobile number in my bank account
Confirmation through Debit Card grid numbers corresponding to random 3 letters shown
I want to give request to port out my number
may i please get your bank account number
loan balance
I want to deactivate a value added service
Could you please tell me the process to reset ATM pin ?
Your Account is suspended due to unusual activity
Send Rs. 1000 to Nishant
Could you please tell me what documents are needed to open joint account in this bank.
Please stop the payment of the last cheque issued by me for the value of INR 2000/-
what are the new plans in telecom india
how will digital india dream be fulfilled
Which is the best car in india
how to locate hospitals
how to cook food
I want to register new caller tune for my mobile
how much do you weight
what do you like to do in free time
What is the procedure for new connection
What is the procedure to replace my SIM
What you ate in the morning
why do you go to collage
how to locate police stations
what are the rules in cricket
what are the rules in kabaddi
Please make the right selection
I want replace my lost data card
I would like to cancel my Demand Draft
How can I get a new Demand draft
what is the difference between fixed deposit and recurring deposit
What are the existing tariffs or charges I need to pay for my data card bill ?
I want to create family plan.
My Name is Garima.
I want to change my bill plan
I am a regular follower of Watson.
My account is locked.
Be open to changes
where are you going
I am from India.
How are you ?
ï»¿ Sure thing. Do you have any accounts with us at the moment?
How to break fixed deposite account.
No problem. I can help you to apply for a credit card today if you like.
Yes, of course. Here is a brochure about our most popular cards.
I would like to apply for a credit card.
We have three cards available with a rupees 5,000 spending limit. Are you looking for reward program with your card?
Yes, I would like to collect points whenever I use the card.
Could you please give me more information about the cards available?
i want a new mobile connection
I am not able to use internet.
How do I Change my mobile operator, without changing my mobile number?
Please tell me how can I help you?
What type of errors?
I am checking the details
I want to activate international roaming on my number
what is your name
How should I set up Auto Debit on my credit card?
Can Insta Credit Card be given to a 3rd party?
I received a call regarding outstanding amount due on my credit card. What should I do?
Your, bill plan is changed to unlimited offer.Is this ok?
I want to know my loan account closure date ?
I want to know my loan account maturity date ?
What is the current balance outstanding on my credit  loan ?
Tell me and my brother's joint account balance ?
What is the closure amount of fixed deposit account ending with 5946 ?
What is the matuarity amount of recurring deposit account ending with 5946 ?
What is my educational loan account ending with 6758 balance ?
Mail me about my spend details of my last  6 month of my debit card ?
Send 10 thousands ruppes to my registered payee.
Send 10 thousands ruppes to my registered payee Riju through IMPS
can we convert total credit card outstanding to emi
I cannot login to my account
i want to check the status of a ticket
I am doing nothing
I want to live
where are you
How can I have my paycheck deposited directly into my account
please pay attention.
How do I get stronger network on my mobile?
i need a new sim card.
what is this
Could you please suggest me the issues are facing in Payment.
I want to know my bill Plan
All done. You should hear from someone within the next 48 hours to let you know whether you have been approved.
Need to un-Subscribe Value added services
What happens to outstanding amount when customer moves to different circle?
what is my Credit card bill for last February month
Please Press Three
is there is a facility to an open account online?
I did an online transaction through your bank , money was deducted but payment was not completed.
i want to download new ring tone
Can I open a demat account with the bank ?
i want to check my pending cheque status
my cheque was bounced but i have money in my bank account
please have bath
How can I withdraw a dispute initiated on credit card?
Do I need to be using a specific Mobile handset to avail this service?
How to update mobile number for OTP alerts on add-on card?
What is the dining discount I get on my Coral Credit Card?
May I please get your bank account number and the name on the account?
We apologize for the inconvenience caused to you due to incorrect billed payment.
Will you listen to me first?
i'am not able to connect to mobile internet
you are not audible.
I need a payment receipt for my payment
What is the capacity of the locker
I want to apply for Voter card
you still have not activated my new plan, how much time you need?
Please refund my cash deposit of 1000
How are you
Does the call centre operate for 24hours?
I want to receive all the bills on mail
How can i claim the losses due to theft in the locker
what is my bill amount
Europe.Asia Pacific.
I have received my electricity bill for this month.
Where is my welcome kit?
How do I change the settings on Google?
I HAVE LOST MY BILL
When bill pay mobile bill?
Let me know what different plans you are providing?
My bill amount is high
What is the procedure of change address?
Where is my welcome kit ?
I have to deactivate Airtel Live  service.
My name is ram
What is the procedure for account branch transfer?
my issue not solve yet
please update my communication address.
my name is vikas
I like technology.
I want to know my data usage everyday
I want a new caller tune on my phone while receiving calls
I want to change my bill plan.
are you educated?
it is raining here
6.its good to have lunch at 1:00 p.m
I live in delhi
My boss will not say 'yes'.
This word comes from Greek.
Have a good day.
Turn off the light, please.
I am calling because I received a wrong bill. I just paid my phone bill two days ago and my payment is not reflected in the bill.
what is the eligibility criteria to avail home loan
can we take joint home loan ?
can i take joint home loan with my husband ?
I want my bill to be sent through mail ?
How may i assist you?
have you had lunch
This is a map.
India is a great country
Please tell me my data consumption details till date
for verification purposes, can I get your birth date?
Please recheck the bill and confirm the correct amount
What is the today's weather?
How to make calls with Voice app?
What is my current outstanding amount.
I drive 30 kms everyday
Please explain me my mobile bill
How to improve your communication ?
I feel I have charged extra money for my mobile usage
Machine can never replace human intelligence
how to download data?
Current weather in Shimla?
She is in bed with a fever.
However if you are not satisfied with resolution provided by our Complaint Cell.
How to open Joint Account?
Am I wrong?
please join me for cup of coffee
What is my Credit card bill for last 6 months?
How to save a word file?
I want to know the balance of my data package
We speak Telugu in Hyderabad
How i can change my telecom operator?
we are here to help you.
can you please provide good coverage of network in our field?
I need my bank account statement
Do you recognize him ?
What is my current plan and my outstanding balance
what are the requirements for new connection
How much amount is available in my savings account?
I want to change the address in my bill
I want to change my bill plan
If you don't mind, may I suggest some good plans to help you?
what are the services that are active on my number
What is my Outstanding amount
How to set data limit for Family members?
Dileep is a naughty boy
Could you guide me please?
He has two legs
How to update my new address ?
May I get your account number Please?
I want to change my current plan.
What will be monthly EMI of my home loan?
Can you please provide me the details of my last ten transactions?
what will be the annual rent for credit card
what will be the cash withdrawal limit from credit card
i want you to work on my coverage problem
What are some of the common foreclosure and mortgage rescue scams?
My bank told me it would report my loan to the credit bureau if it ever was more than 60 days past due but they reported the loan at only 30 days past due. Can the bank do this?
How is a credit score important in credit card application processing?
How can I reduce the credit limit?
What is my credit card outstanding and how do I check the same?
When will the reissued card be dispatched?
I've been levied surcharges on using Indian Oil credit card at Indian Oil outlet - why?
What is cheque bounce fee?
What is the processing fee for making cash payment at the branch?
How do I make an online payment for my Citibank credit card?
When will the Standing Instruction be executed?
Will I earn reward points for EMI transactions?
I want to pre-close my EMI transaction, What is the procedure?
What are the insurance products on Citibank credit card?
What are the KYC documents and why should I submit the same on updating my contact details?
what is the current customer satisfaction score this month?
I cannot make online payment, can you please change the settings of my credit card
Sir May I know your register  Mobile number/ job id number?
What is the process to temporary suspend any number ?
My bill amount is incorrect.
i want to liquidate my existing fixed deposit.
I want to know the bill for my international roaming package
My bill amount is incorrect.
How many orders pending in your queue?
Let us have dinner
co-orporate  plan available
Is there anything else may I help you with?
6) Lots of call drop while traveling ?
Is there any monthly charges for requesting itemized bill service
My back is paining
Can you please tell me about my bill plan
My credit limit is not showing anything
Could I ask you a few questions to better understand what you’re looking for?
The bill amount for my phone seems to be incorrect ?
How can i get my bill plan changed?
I want to get another phone number similar to what i currently have .
My address changed
I am getting very poor internet speed from last few days.
How can i get messaging service activated online for my account related details ?
what are the qualities of a good leader ?
Customer : I want to change my billing address.
i need you to change my yearly calling plan
i want to port my number to another network provider
I want to know the sms call rates for national roaming
tell me new promotional scheme
I want to know the sms call rates for international roaming
What is the full form of E&OE ?
what is the reason for my outgoing call barring
I want to place a request to get the itemized summary of my bill for past 6 months . How can i do that ?
can you transfer the call to post paid section
I want to change my cell phone
Where will i get withdrawal form?
what is my Maturity date of fixed deposit?
What is my data balance
When do we stop?
i need a cheque book
When does the flight arrive?
how can i change my atm pin
I want to change my billing address.
my bill is incorrect
Please tell me my current balance .
which plan are you using?
Can I save more than 250 numbers in my sim storage ?
Thank you !
what is my bill amount
I love my country
Grass on the other side always looks greener.
Do I need to give details of the property to be purchased?
My handset is not working properly
what is the current validity status of my account
I have lost my sim
What Data Plans are available?
Please SMS me the procedure to check my balance.
I want to pay my bill
what is my name
what is my Credit card bill for last january month
Do you like this mobile?
Do you have any problem in your sim card?
My account number is 1234567890
Hi , How can i help you today ?
Please deactivate my SMS services
My bill amount is incorrect
I didn't received Debit Card.
How to change my number from pre-paid to post-paid?
Why do we require Internet booster ?
I want to open a kids account
Kindly wait for a few minutes
My bill amount is incorrect
Bill amount is not perfect as per me
Hi, How are you? How can I help you?
Which office do I contact for non-fee issues e.g. Visas, enrolment status, council tax, London transport and graduation ceremonies?
In how much time SIM will be activated
Is i need any document for sim card activation
My sim card is blocked
what is process is of getting sim card
I need to update my sim card to 4G
How to hack Facebook account?
You cannot go there
Do you have an option for prepaid sim?
i want to buy a postpaid sim
How to get rid of pimples?
the voice quality in my network is disturbed
i want to activate data card on my number
i want to activate my missed call alerts
How to switch on phone
How can I activate a data pack?
Please have patient
Why so much tax is deducted from my salary
Home internet connection is not working.
when will you come back to home
when will you wake up in the morning
you have low balance in your account
what is  difference between these 2 connection
I want my bill on my email.
check these records And confirm me
I want to change my bill plan.
I am 25 Years Old?
I want to migrate my number.
a single account in either their name or their partner’s name
I have given my manager an application for my leave.
Reset my online banking password.
I want to take home loan.
I will be sending the mail to you
why i am not able to check my balance amount ?
Don't use lift during fire
My international roaming is not working
i want to change language
can i open locker without nominee
Who is your internet service provider.
Agent: Thank you for holding sir. The number for Mr. John Johnson of Bellford St. is 7543658654.
Can I help you ?
Did you like the movie ?
We're sorry for the delay in responding. This was due to Christmas holidays and Bank Holiday yesterday. Please see your DM.
Responding to a customer’s changing needs and expectations
please grab a chair
executing test cases
I have paid my bill on time but still I am not able to access internet.
The frog jumped and landed in the pond.
I like to play football.
Look on top of the refrigerator for the key.
could you tell me details of my bill amount
Hi. My ATM card is blocked. Could you help me in resetting the PIN
I work for IBM
I have lost my debit card so want to deactivate it immediately.
i want to apply for passbook.
Can you check my current bill deposit or not .
I can swim.
how i can change my registered home address.
i want the statement of my closed account
How can I change or update my communication address in my credit card account?
When will I get salary hike?
what do you understand by Fixed deposit?
How can I check account balance?
May I know your name?
Which project are you working on?
You have completed one iteration.
It is 8 o clock.
Today is Sunday.
I am feeling sleepy
How to inactivate caller tune
how much data balance is consumed till now
please enter valid Mobile Number
how are you
what are the best recharge offers do you have?
i can not help you with this .
I am not able to get otp from this site
Right now I am busy.
i want to stop this service on my number
You can activate DND from your mobile
how to buy a new mobile phone from flipkart?
Please link Aadhaar to your Airtel Mobile
What is OneBillPlus and how does it differ from my current billing?
Please de-activate my internet services
I want to change my ring tone
I am unable to generate a duplicate bill
what are the new plans for my datacard
I am unable to understand anything
i want my duplicate bill on email please sent to me as soon as possible
are you able to hear me ?
Can you please explain my bill
how much money i have it in my account
Please provide my bill on mail
what is the procedure for taking loan?
I have never applied for the caller tune service. Please unsubscribe.
I am not able to login into my computer.
I want to change my home address
My bikes average is 35 KM per Litre
I want to cancel my credit card.
I want to change my bill plan
Slow and steady wins the race
You should take forward one step each day towards you goal
Thank you for calling ABC Company. My name is Ashley. How may I help you today?
I want to know about process to change prepaid to postpaid
Please provide the information about my last payment
What is my Credit card limit
i want to deactivate my current plan
Kindly elaborate this
what is my data balance?
Can you please send a technician who can check the issue.
Maegan Simpson, July 23, 1974 and the account is under my name.
Welcome to IBM. This is Ashu, how may I help you?
My bill amount is incorrect
Thank you for being on hold.
please let me the offers valid on my number
How many mobile number can be registered with one account
Are you back from office
All of the resources has to submit there hours today
how may I help you?
What type of customer service does your bank provide online.
I want a cheque book.
I want to increase pages of my cheque book.
Credit card Balance
How may I help you.
What is the late fee charges in credit card?
I want refund my last deduct amount .
Can I apply home loan online?
What is the Tariff Plans available for  my number ?
What is the limit of my credit card?
Hello..may i know who is speaking.
Permanent Account Number (PAN) is mandatory to open a 80 C Term/Fixed Deposit.
may you live a thousand years and may each year have a fifty thousand days
The bill amount is Rs 200, for the data unlimited data service.As,mentioned in the chart that is listed here.
The data plans are; Rupees 500 gives 50 GB, and Rs 10,000 give 99GB.
I have changed the plan to 99 GB for Rs 10,000/-
Data balance is 99GB.
My cheque book print account no. is different with my account no.
I want a locker in my nearby branch.
What is the maturity interest  of loan account ending with 2316 ?
What is the 10th payment date of loan account ending with 9316 ?
Tell me and my brother's joint account name ?
Tell me  joint account balance of account ending with 3238 ?
What is the due amount of recurring deposit account ending with 5946 ?
What is my car loan balance ?
Show me transaction of last month on my current account ending with 3246.
Send me e-statement of April month of my account  ending with 8976 ?
Send me e-statement of month of January to till date of my credit card  ending with 8976 ?
Scheduled my rent on every 2nd day of month with limit of 20 thousands.
Scheduled my telephone bill for auto payment for every month with upper limit of rupees 2000.
Recharge my mobile number 9206118609 with 100 ruppess.
I am doing good
which school are you studying
What is Home Loan all about?
Yes, If I transfer it to my bank account in XYZ of London, how long will it take?
Voice quality of call is very poor. Can you please help me with it?
I want to eat.
I have to work hard to get promotion this year
my plan is still not activated
challenges keeps you motivated
What is post-paid subscription?
can you please send the details of plan on my mail
I'm feeling happy today
What is total balance in my account
5 entries in watson is must
That branch is near my house
who is watson
What is the procedure for closing my number?
Hello Good Morning. How may I help you?
i want to change the language.
I have some urgent work.
Watson can help you in any field
How can phone number be linked to aadhar number ?
I am happy to be a part of IBM
How you doing
Will I get any receipt of the payment from the Bank?
Can you convert my credit card bill into emi?
How do I check if I do not receive any recharge confirmation?
May I go to the market?
I have forgotten my ATM PIN
(If) there’s life, then there’s the world.
I want to activate international roaming pack
I want to change my present address
I want to change my bill address
What is my credit limit ?
I want close my Fixed deposit account.
How much does the buffalo munches
I want to open a fixed deposit account.
I want to open a recurring deposit account.
How to fix the network error ?
How can I keep an eye on my account and check my balance?
what is my phone balance?
I would like to activate caller tune. Can you please help?
I am not getting any network signal. Can you please check?
Please deactivate my message service?
What is the name of your bank.
where your office is located?
When will be order get delivered?
I want to get new ATM card what is the procedure for that?
Is there any no on which after giving missed call I can get my account balance in SMS.?
what is my home loan maturity date?
I applied for new connection but my number not activated
please let me the status for phone number
now can you check your computer and confirm me its working fine.
I am very happy and thank you
How does the Coral Contactless Credit Card work?
How many free tickets am I entitled to every month?
SMS your service provider and get all the details on charges and tie-ups.
Which of the Seven Dwarfs is most like you?
Is any complaint tool is available for broadband speed problem?
When will the payment made through IMPS will be credited in credit card account.
As a child, what did you wish to become when you grew up?
How is the Coral Contactless Credit Card more secure?
How and where will the auto recharge get triggered for Namma / Bangalore Metro Card?
How is a ICICI Bank Chip Card better than a magnetic strip card?
Please provide me the details of offers available on debit and credit cards.
Can I pay my credit card bill through an ATM?
I want to know the debit/ credit card winners list?
I have forgotten my credit card User ID. How can I get it?
Query on Stop Bill Payment on my credit card
How can I increase Credit limit on my Fixed deposit Insta card?
What is â€˜ICICI Bank Credit Cards Experience'?
How much time it will take
How are you
where do you work
By checking the details from our side,your net data is showing correct.
I need more time
I want to make changes in my system!
I want to know the status of my account
I forgot my ATM PIN, please send me new PIN
I already have active locker at this branch
please reset my ATM pin
I have 100 bucks with me
It is awesome
I want to transfer my loan amount to a different bank?
Narendra Modi is our prime minister.
Difference between Cheque and Demand Draft
what is the interest rate in fixed deposit?
what is process to number portability
What are some examples of times when I may need to provide a printed receipt?
How will I know if I need to submit documentation to verify an expense?
How do I deactivate value added service services on my mobile number?
Hi ! How can I help you ?
what is national mnp
Where can the debit card be used?
What are the Various music related VALUE ADDED SERVICE available on my mobile number?
what are accepted payment modes
why does my giving busy tone when calling to another number
Okay Sure.
No thank you. That’s all.
I want to go for a new family plan
May I remote into your system to help you further on this issue?
Yes, by registering yourself.
What is Do Not Disturb or DND?
What is “National Customer Preference Register” (NCPR)?
What are 10 best hospitals in Bangalore for Cancer?
What type of cards can be used at an ATM
Nearest ATM
I am not able to use 4g services
How to convert my SIM card from postpaid to prepaid.
How to open an email
How to lock system
How to check the credit limit.?
Please hold a minute let me check it.
Could you please share other plans details with me?
What is my Credit card bill for last month?
Vodafone network services are very good
I want to learn how to drive a car
what is the status of my recharge
As per my plan what are the international call charges?
where can i check bill amount
Welcome you!
Why I didn't receive my bill last month?
How to get my current mobile connection deactivated
I am not able to update address in forum
You should have atleast 3 months of time before applying to new DND
Can you please provide the plans related with roaming?
I haven't received my cheque book yet please send me a alternate cheque book so that I can pay my dues to creditors.
Internet speed is very slow today
I want to watch cricket match
I love to watch sports
I am facing Network Coverage Problem in this area.
Can you do a recharge for me?
This is my postpaid mobile number
What is my current internet plan
I have to get my house cleaned
Fan in my room is not working
I want  a  duplicate bill
India is running new software technology on the old hardware machines
have a great day
please be on line for a moment
Sorry for the inconvenience madam. May I have your Account Number, please.
i want to change the traiff plan
How are you ?
Respect your elders
please change my bill plan and add roaming pack in it
That’s why your latest payment had not been reflected. You can simply disregard the amount indicated in the bill and continue enjoying our services.
I want to know interest rate on fixed deposit account.
Good day sir
How would you describe the quality of customer service in your country?
How do i reactivate my sim card?
I am facing difficulty with the voice quality on my phone.
The voice quality is not good.
I am facing network problem where I stay.
Can you please advice if my handset support internet feature.
Can I change my IVR language
What is the difference between 4G and LTE?
I want to speak with bank representative
I don't like tea.
How can I know whether my device is 4G enabled?
How do I check my Bills on the Website?
i want to change my phone.
for how many month can I place a standing instruction on debit card?
Can I convert from pre-paid to post-paid?
Can you let me know the my current data plan
what is my bill amount
What will be my annual installment?
how to convert from postpaid to prepaid
I am going on vacation for 2 months. please take care of my home.
What will be the last date of payment of my premium ?
Can I cash a cheque here?
You will get your money instantly there.
The value of the credit card transaction should be INR 2,500 or more to be eligible for conversion of transaction to EMI
How to change a family plan on my number ?
Can i change my number from prepaid to postpaid
This tax deducted is called TDS and it has to be deposited by them to the govt. You receive the net amount.
Banks deduct TDS on interest income when it is accrued and not when the FD matures & interest is paid out.
Suppose you wait until the maturity of your FD when interest is actually received– your total interest income may push you up a slab and you may end up paying higher tax.
I have got this corporate plan with fixed billing for unlimited calling
Have you ever been to london?
I want to change address.
please wait while we check your query
I want to close my account
What is the contact number for getting data balance information on mobile
I'm sorry sir, that's not coming up as a valid address.
How can I change my ATM PIN?
what is my current plan?
how do i report stolen credit card?
Is this a value added service?
Can I get itemized billing only for a specific time?
May I help you.
Appraisal of the project should be assigned to a technical expert.
what is the interest rate for home loan
What is the last payment date on my tractor loan?
What is the last payment date on my education loan?
What is the last payment date on my home loan?
What is the last payment date on my gold loan?
Are you in front of your Computer right now
What sort of trouble?
Thank you Ms. Brown, so, that is 860-995-****, is that correct?
Thank you for calling Bank of Wealth. My name is Sydney. How can I assist you today?
Could you please tell me which bill you are referring to, current bill or the previous month bill?
Don't say sorry when you are not
Brown, please; with good think soles.
Windows 10
Please press windows plus R key
how much discount can I get if my family size is 4?
Kindly send this information on email id.
what is family planning?
BILL NOT RECEIVED
what are the factors should i consider when choosing a contraceptive method?
How will we know when we are ready to start a family?
I am being over-charged for my data plan, what should I do?
can I know my last 10 transactions
How may i help you
I want to change my data plan.
What is status of my service request?
Why is my mobile network really bad.
what is my bill amount
be carefull
Change your password if you suspect that someone knows about it.
Anyone can tell a lie/ any can lie
what is your name
How to report a voice quality issue
What is cvt tuning ?
How to subscribe for DND
Is Open Network the online version of Airtel’s customer care?
Do you also assist in Tax saving ?
Why should I filter DND numbers from my calling lists?
Sonal and Seema are college friends. They are enrolled in the same course. They both study in a prestigious college of Delhi University.
i want to open a new bank account
i want new check book
i want to change my personal loan detail in account
How can I update my contact number?
How are you
How can i help you
How was you office today?
I want to update my nominee details
what is my plan's bill period
HOW TO CLEAR UPSC EXAM
How may i help you?
What are the areas in financial operations ?
With my current plan how much internet browsing speed will I get?
What is the procedure to do return and rebill?
Explain the cash reconciliation process
what is the new plan?
Can i opt for multi city/ local cheque book through ATM?
what is the latest offers on 3G packs for my number
You are very sweet
How are you today ?
My system is not working
As on date what is my pending bill amount
india population
How is the weather today?
What is your specialty???
What can you make to most tasty?
My name is Prakash
I am really sorry for the inconvenience caused
Ohh...It was working fine day before yesterday.
My bill amount is incorrect
Every moment of time brings to us the message of brighter future
what's the procedure
how much money left in your pocket
I am getting very weak signal at my area
In the event of death of the Deposit holder in respect of which a nomination is in force, the nominee shall be entitled at any time before or after the maturity of the Deposit
In addition, the Bank Term Deposit Scheme, 2006 issued by the Central Government shall also apply to the Deposit
I would like to know if my area covers 3G network. If yes, then please activate 3G on my phone.
What new plans do you have
What is my bill amount
My name is Suruchi.
Mandatory classify and label information!
Noted, thank you.
Whom should I approach regarding queries related to EDC machine?
I have update my new mobile number in my credit card account but still the OTP is received on my previous mobile number. What should I do?
How will purchases appear in the monthly statement in Coral contactless cards?
Is it mandatory for a customer to open a savings account for creating an FD?
Could you please activate the caller tune in my Number
Really I am very dissapointed in the vodafone network.
My booking has been rejected, but my credit card has been charged. What do I do?
Please send me duplicate bill of my phone for the month of August 2017.
Please provide me the bifurcation of payroll for each employee.
How do I enroll for ICICI Bank Rewards Programme / ICICI Bank Hand Picked Rewards ?
I want to check my last payment.
How will Bank Decide the loan amount i am eligible for?
What is the balance in my savings account?
I want details about last 10 transactions.
I am calling because I received a wrong bill. I just paid my phone bill two days ago and my payment is not reflected in the bill.
How to connect with SMS Message Centre?
Vodafone, Airtel, Docomo and Idea are the most common service providers which allow customized caller tunes, other service providers may also allow depending on their policy.
Are there hassle-free modes of payment of bills ?
I’ve also gone ahead and briefed them about your situation, so you won’t have to re-explain anything. Have a great day! 🙂
I want to change my internet data plan
I want to escalate my case to the higher management
I want to change the billing address please help me
when is my maturity of fixed deposit
How can I change / update the address for my account?
I appreciate your patience.
I want to thank you for taking the time to speak with me today.
how much is my current bill anount.?
Can I activate 4G services on my current mobile number?
I am working in night shift
May i know the status of my address change
She plays tennis very well.
What would be the best-case scenario for you?
Request for new cheque book
I didn't get the receipt of my last transaction from debit-card.
I want to activate my SIM card.
The water is not drinkable.
I want to move to another SIM carrier, so need to deactivate the current SIM.
I want to update my email id
Maturity value of your fixed deposit will be 10 lac rupees.
i want to deposit all amount
i want to deposit my money in fixed deposit. please tell me the full details.
We celebrated his birthday.
please increase my data limit to 3GB
Executive: Sir there is a problem about internet connection in your locality. Our engineering team is working on this issue. Expected time to resolve the issue is 72 hours.
Can you send an engineer to check the line
I want a payment receipt for my payment
The girl was aware of the danger.
The shooting started around noon.
They will get married next month.
what is the System Error.
I want to change my bill plan
This is a top ranking banking company
I want to change billing address
I want my bills to be sent by mail only
why my bill amount is so high
Please change my caller tune
Signal in my area is very Weak ,can you help me ?
How can I opt for SI (Standing Instructions) or ECS (Electronic Clearance System)?
When will the interest charge stop on my credit card?
Can Insta Credit Card be given to a 3rd party?
What is the validity of credit card OTP/ security code?
Can I use the offer on individual movie hall websites also?
i want to all the process related to this scheme
Please provide me detail of my mobile bill
How do you register for Standing Instruction on Debit Card?
How do JP Miles earned on my Jet Airways ICICI Bank Credit Card get transferred to my JetPrivilege account?
Can I change the item I have ordered if the number of reward points being redeemed are the same?
Please tell your name and mobile number.
On which server your data is stored.
Your current plan is Rs 499.
Yes, We have other plans like 399, 599,699. which one would you like to choose.?
What is the last date for bill payment?
where are IT companies located in noida
why do you go to school
I am looking for business loan
What documents are required to apply for loan?
Will the SIM have data activated also?
Where can I see the 3G related demo?
What was my last month's credit card bill.
May I know your name.
i want to know my current bill plan
please schedule my credit card bill amount.
I have not received the last month bill.
i want to change my bank account ID
our ground is very neat
could you tell me can we buy share in primary market
i want to change my banking detail in social security
Would you like to try our new plan
i want to change my sim to 4G
How may I help you?
What will be the fixed charges in my monthly mobile bill
I want to cancel my add-ons for this insurance policy
good quality is the symptom of good quantity
How may I help you?
Not able to use mobile data on my phone
Thanks for being on hold
What proofs are required to open a new bank account?
I want to know about the taxes on my current bill amount
Are there any rules governing internet access
what is the ISD call rate ?
How should I know my subscription status?
What are the key features of Payment gateway?
Can i check my account balance through mobile sms
I want a paperless bill ?
I want to port my number to another provider.
How to invest in mutual funds via net banking?
I want to activate the International calling facility on my number
I want to deactivate the International calling facility on my number
Can I get the bill in my local language
I want to activate hello tunes on my number
when will your executive come to my home to collect documents ?
Thank you for calling. We are glad to assist you.
How much discount will be offered in Family Plan?
What is the maximum debit limit from debit card per day
Greetings, I wish you a great day ahead
What is the status of my credit card?
How to get a duplicate bill ?
Where can I view my Credit Card statement?
What is the tenure of Fixed Deposit?
I have received my credit card recently. What is the statement generation date on my credit card?
Can anyone call the customer care or visit Branch and change the limit on my card?
I do not hold any credit card with ICICI Bank, however, I'm receiving SMS/E-mail alerts regarding credit card on my mobile number/e-mail ID. Whom should I approach?
I came across a transaction on my account using a debit card which was not attempted by me? How do I report this transaction?
This tree is so big.
What is a CPE? How do I get it?
please tell your customer ID
Does 4G consume more battery?
What is the difference between Postpaid & Prepaid SIM Cards?
Am I eligible to invest in a Fixed Deposit?
If you have deposited your money under the traditional scheme, the interest is credited to the given Savings Account on a monthly or quarterly basis.
what is credit limit for my plan & how i can increase it as per my requirement.
Which other operators provide 3G services in India?
what can I do for you today?
How to use unlimited call option in roaming?
What about instalment?
I have not received my debit card
Good morning. Can I cash a cheque here?
Excuse me. I want to get this cheque cashed.
what is the eligibility criteria to avail housing loan
what is your name?
Where are you going?
I would come to the same conclusion.
What can I do to make your experience with us better?
location is
I want to activate blackberry services
ATM card will be delivered to you by post
What if it's my word against the company?
Who sends me my bill?
If we are in a contract, can we make changes?
If this process can’t save me money, is there still a fee?
What other services does offer?
How many phones does someone need to make it worthwhile?
What if I don't like its recommendations?
Would you prefer a morning or an afternoon flight?
How to transfer money through internet banking?
Block Debit card
please help me  how to add account number in bank
I need to study hard to clear civil exams
can I get bank statement in email ?
I don't get cellphone network when in my car
Can you look into the issue?
What is the distance between your home and office?
How do I contact helpdesk?
Please consider my salary hike for me
my card has got lost
How much bill amount is due for my number?
In ancient literature, Goa was known by many names, such as Gomanchala, Gopakapattana, Gopakapattam, Gopakapuri, Govapuri, Govem, and Gomantak
What are we seeing
There are 24 lines in charkha.
Mridula Sinha was born on 27 November 1942 in the village of Chhapra Dharampur Yadu in Muzaffarpur district in Mithila region of Bihar state in India
Please be seated.
The incumbent is the current holder of a political office
Whats the time?
everything is not correct
what is my job role?
Which car you have?
Did you get Lunch today?
Today is Wednesday.
how to get the correct data?
Please make a quote having business partner information filled correctly.
I want to activate international roaming pack
Do i have overdraft on my account
Yoga helps to achieve better concentration
What issue you have in your Plan?
HOW ARE YOU?
Your account is active now
What is the best tariff plan for me?
What you want to complain.
Can you send  bill on my email
Bill Dispute
Internet services are not working on my phone?
How do i get a copy of my credit report?
why My ATM card is blocked
it would have 12 equal instalments along with 2 percentage extra charges
Hi, while adding money to my account transaction got failed. could you please tell me when it can be returned to my account
Converting Credit card spends to emi's
I want to convert my last credit card expense transaction into EMI, please help.
I usually receive a standing instruction mail/message for credit card auto-payment, which I didn't receive this month. Why?
I want to know my e-Bill password
Account not debited even after standing instruction for my mutual fund.
What are my call charges?
I AM THE BEST
Who is the relationship manager for my demat account
How is the Weather?
How Do You Say "Please" In Hindi?
What is the status of my number porting.
Below errors belong to admin page.
where you will be able to download your E-Certificate.
is there any prepayment option for the personal loan
I want to link my account with ADHAR
is the car loan available for used cars
Have I consumed all my data from this month's data plan ?
How much time will you need to complete this project?
I did not receive my bill on time.
I have black laptop
From year to year they were growing poorer.
Today, We have meeting at 6pm.
What is the cash withdrawal limit for this credit card
How to invest in mutual fund.
1 year consists of 12 months
My bill Amount is correct
I am fine, how are you
i want to take person loan.
what is my billed amount
Why not Sure?
My address is changed
So please refund my money and for next time please commit to your ethics and values.
can iI get the monthly bill in my mail
I am not satisfied with the amount of bill generated. My usage is not as much as depicted in my bill.
Please change my address
Its been four days since I logged my complaint and no action has been taken till now
I want to start term deposit (FD)
Can I have your Date of Birth for the validation
I would like to enable international calling on my number.
Weeks days are ? Monday,Tuesday,Wednesday,Thursday,Friday,Saturday,Sunday
I need to change my caller tune.
I want to raise a request for changing my address.
please activate my roaming pack
Ya I have checked every time it was charged
I want to be expert in watson.
I have the details of your latest payment, let me send it over to you.
I am sorry, we don't have this feature at moment. We do intend to add it to our service and we can notify you when it has been done.
My data is not working ?
Pls take the request for change in address
my bill amount is incorrect.
4G has been replaced to 3G
please take a look at that person during video call
your phone should be video call compatible
you always should have two data cards
credit verification is mandatory for everyone
Thank you for calling IBM Telecom, How may i assist you?
Dont buy costly handset these days
What are the benefits of fixed deposit?
I found someone's ATM.
what is the maturity date of my loan ?
The EMIs will be charged to the Credit Card account, to make repayment convenient for you.
If customer opts for foreclosure or cancellation of EMI facility
I consider calling the help desk for my network issue.
how are you doing today
Any one document from the list
Choose Bank Account option
Ration Card with photo and address applicable for person whose photo is affixed
When will I receive my bill?
I want to deactivate this caller tune on this mobile number
Can I get duplicate bill ?
thank you for your assistance.
what to do in thailand
Have you planned as per agreed stakeholders ?
Thank you for remaining so positive
what is the problem you are facing with your mobile handset?
what is the monthly rent for a locker?
My Payment status is not updated
Why do you want to cancel the membership ?
I have purchased sim of airtel.
where will i find my car?
Is there anything else we can help you today?
yes , I have purchased sim free of cost .
Tell me something about your self
What is the monthly recharge plan for 4G data.
Could you also please make sure not give my mobile number to any one
my internet speed is very slow.
Thank you for this great help.
Finally I booked cab for the day
I would like to help you
Can we meet tomorrow?
I am not receiving  my account statement from last 2 months .
is there anything else I can help you with
Is there anything I can help you with
Please be on time, don't be late
What is the Bill generation every month?
will you do this task for me ?
he eats mango
Can I get a migration plan ?
I want to update my address
What is the procedure to avail a home loan
Sir, Due to system update I am unable to help at the moment.
How do i switch portfolio mix in mutual fund account.
May I put your call on hold while i am transferring your call to tech department?
I promise you that we will get your issue resolve.
What is the reason for rejecting my card payment transaction
What are the option available for bill payment.
What is the best way to grow like cloud
In gurgaon Sahil is my best friend.
I want to change my mobile number associated with the bank account. Kindly let me know the process
I am calling from gurgaon.
How can I help you?
Can i get two debit card of same account number
IBM is best place to work.
I would like to transfer some money.
Water is not the need for aevery thirst, success may be
Parameter of success includes hard work with Smart work
Today's lucky escapes could be tomorrow's major incidents.
I want to change my sim to 4G sim.
Can you help to know free offers?
how to close existing Fixed Deposit
This car was made in Japan.
what is my current credit limit.
we have to respect all religion
Is there any way that i can speak to customer  representative directly
Thank you so much for all of the information. I'm now processing the request to freeze your account. Please, grab a pen and paper. Thank you!
Please tell me, what is my credit card payment date?
what is the status of my ticket .
I have an issue with my mobile network
can you tell me your date of birth?
why should i open an account in your bank?
Navratri is coming
One light is blinking red instead of green in my broadband modem.
I want to know my rewards point balance
i want leave for 2 days
i used only Airtel broadband services
I want to increase my data limit.
In IBM for any technical help or complaint please connect with 8888.
what is your name
I want to know the balance in my savings account
What is the interest rate of fixed deposit in this bank?
I have 2 mobile phones.
What is the interest rate of my saving account?
How are you today?
Can I get a data plan for 10 days
how much amount can i withdraw?
How would you like me to address you?
Ok sir, would you mind holding for a few seconds while I research the information you’ve requested.
Do you recognize him ?
once you find out your preferred network, please select and press ok you
What are the details of my loan account?
what is the flight rate from New Delhi to Goa
do I have to pay roaming charge in Mumbai
Let me see what I could do for you
How many members can be added to one family plan
why balance is deducting without any call or message sent
why data pack required
You can find the details about term and interest rates on our website under fixed deposit scheme.
Your current fixed deposit is getting matured next year.
My name is Sanjib
You want to change IVR language
An apple a day keeps the doctor away
can we use last month data in upcoming month?
What are you doing?
ibm work for client.
How may i assist you?
The nomination facility is available to anyone hiring a locker
Mind your own business.
My name is twinkle
Can you please advise how I can get my bill directly on Email?
I want to understand my current usage charges
I want to change my profile details.
When do you disburse the loan
What are the fees payable?
i want to know credit limit of my account?
What is your name .
How are you.
Who will help me ?
Nice to meet you .
What is the work of a call center?
pre closure of fixed deposit
Request joint credit card
How can I activate dormant bank account
What is the minimum balance I need to maintain in my savings account?
My Cibil Score is Low
You want a statement of your recent transactions .
I needed your help to get 3G activated
I want to check my unbilled usage.
Check Recurring Deposit balance
what is my name
please let me know the various data plan options
what is my current plan
When reboot the system
How Watson help in our life
My mobile sim got damaged
What is my data balance
How to tracker employees details
How to meet business requirement
Let me know the procedure to avail the locker facility in your bank please.
What is your phone number ?
How do I add/delete a payee?
What are monthly rental for the different plans?
How can I track my call and data usage?
what are the documents required to buy a new sim
i want to go to school.
Why is my bill high this month
Can you please provide statement of my recent transations
Encrypt your Desktop / Laptop!
enter one sentence
click to download
never share /write your password to anyone/anywhere.
i want to close my current internet  connection.
My broadband connection not working
What are the transaction limits for International Cards
I HAVE A NETWORK ISSUE
NEED TO DEACTIVATE MY PHONE
Check my voice balance
I love to travel across the world.
All our representative are busy, please wait.
I want to buy a new sim card
Can you tell me my last paid amount?
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Shivraj, How may I assist you?
My Name is Asha
and one form you have to fill in which asked about some personal details or bank account details
Where does the rivers end?
i want to request itemised bill every month.
I want to open an account with the least amount of hassle?
Do you provide guarantees for your VoIP services?
Can you give me a tour of your customer service portal?
I want my issue should resolve soon
let me check
I wish to know the reason behind my balance deduction.
I didn't get my last bill, can you tell me the amount?
Please upgrade your sim to 4g
how is the wheather
This problem is very difficult to solve.
I want a sim replacement.
how can I activate video services on my number?
Good morning. Hope you are doing well.
Are you have any experience in marketing ?
What is my bill due date?
I want to disable all currently active value added services.
I live in India
Please share all information.
Please provide feedback
How to change my voice or data plan
Don't tell you pin number to anyone
please tell me your mothers name?
Please tell me your brother name
please tell me your school name
i am perfectly alright.
Where this road is going?
How can we save electricity?
do you want to know status of your existing complaint
How I can complain to your sales manager ?
Do you want to report lost or stolen car.
Tell me my data balance.
Please help me to update my profile information.
I am getting below error.
what are the charges for pre closure of personal loan
what are the charges for pre closure of home loan
I want to change my bill payment date
Where will be bill deposited
Is my Internet plan 3G or 4G ?
EMI is converting the entire amount into an equated monthly installment for credit cards – much like you pay each month in a home loan.
I have not received my bills
I am receiving too many advertising messages
thanks for contacting us
How to pre close Term through net banking?
What are the details of my loan account?
I want to open current account
I want to return my credit card
What is the last payment date on my loan?
what is data plan available in airtel
Could you please tell me the process to get the ATM pin ?
Please change your password for Security Reasons
Please tell me how many accounts do I share in this bank.
Please link PAN card with you Bank Account.
How can I apply for debit card for my account .
How can I change my PIN on my debit card?
please help to tell me broadband services available on this network.
what is my data balance ?
i want to subscribe for DND service
Your Call is important to us
What is my highest education
Enter the OTP on the page and submit
i want to deactivate the caller tune service from my number
I love you
how much my bill
Can I receive my Check book at this end of the week?
please provide your date of birth
I’m sure we can figure this out, and I’ll work on finding a solution right away!
For verification purposes mam, Can I get your name and birth date?
India got free on 15th august 1947
How may I help you?
I forgot my Debit Pin , what is the procedure to get the Debit Pin Number
Can I get corporate caller tune?
Please give me the reason to replace your SIM
how can i extend the limit of my data card?
can i use your data card ?
let him go dont call back
how we can change lanugage of this browser?
so what to do ?
you are my love now
Can you please tell me my Data balance from previous month.
Can you do me a favor?
I want to change my current data plan
when the loan will be sanctioned
Whats the branch name of the bank?
He is going there
Sooner the better
how to save income tax
take good care of yourself
what is the procedure to check data balance online
Thank You for Banking with Us
Enter your registered mobile number and select ‘Yes’
I want refund for the incorrect internet charges. Can you please raise the service request for it and advise?
I wanted to inquire about opening a locker in your bank.
I want to disconnect my services
i live in Delhi
how can i change my atm pin
i want to change myphone number in my bank account.
I need your help
Can you tell me all recharge options available for me?
What is it like?
Would you like something to drink?
I didn't receive my credit card statement for last month
I have received my Debit card. How to activate it?
I don't have account in your bank. Can I still order demand draft from your bank?
How much data balance is left on my number?
Is STD free on your network?
Please close my previous complain
How can I contact customer care for support?
If I want to order Demand Draft in Foreign Currency, will that include foreign currency conversion charges?
Please transfer my call to my new number
Please transfer my call to my new number ending with 9878
Can I make call using data?
I want to make a change to my subscription pack?
Which crop is sown on the largest area in India?
Please update Demographic information like present, permanant address
did u change my home address in my plan?
I want to change my bill plan mai
I want to complete the training
can u confirm me if you have changed my home address in my plan ?
I want to learn Watson
My bill amount is correct
people do time pass when they are free
empty mind is devil's mind
I need my duplicated bill of August
can you please, verify the last four numbers of your social security ID
Here is a brochure about our most popular  credit cards.
All done. You should hear from someone within the next 48 hours to let you know whether you have been approved.
I want to learn watson
I want to transfer money online
how to put request for late payment fee waived off
I want to change my home address
Where is my ATM PIN?
What is the last payment date on my loan
Jt account holder  name  and balance on the fixed deposit
How to submit sim deactivate request?
Please let me know the procedure to order a demand draft.
Please let me know the last EMI date for my loan
Change Address
Video Call
Migration Related
Refund Not Received
How long will it take to resolve the issue after escalating the request
I look forward to some quick solution for this issue after escalating the request
call charges
instant credit balance charges
We have logged a request for the discontinuity of auto-renewal on your current fixed deposit and this request will be completed in 5 business working days
In order to raise the request for demand draft, kindly help me with the following details.
In order to raise the request for demand draft, I would need the details of your account number.
In order to raise the request for demand draft, you need to authenticate your account number on IVR.
This is to inform you that the shipping charges of the demand draft will be deducted from your account directly.
As I can see the data pack is still active on your number
I did not receive  my debit card yet
I did not receive  my cheque book yet
What will be the maturity value of fixed deposit ending with 8987 ?
Can I send data for a prepaid connection?
Set standing instruction for my LIC bills from my account ending with 8634
Please submit id and address proof
insert your SIM card into the slot marked SIM Card 1. Then go to "Settings" and select "SIM 1" for data services.
Where are you travelling to?
Why there is extra charge in my bill
I want to know the status of my balance
My name is David
Validity Status
Credit Verification
Safe Custody
How to open my bill
Have a good day.
I am planning for a party tonight.
How to apply for permanent resident status in canada
Hi, from my account money has been debited. Can you please tell me the reason?
Where is my ATM PIN?
What are  monthly data  Plan
cash not dispensed
today I got unnecessary balance deduction can you please tell why
Failed ATM Transaction Complaints
What is the maturity value of my fixed deposit?
Amount deducted but cash not received due to power off
To change your name, or change the telephone account into someone else's name, please call us
your costing is high i want to change port my number
Enter your postcode and click Search
i have been charged incorrectly
origin of trignometry is from india
goldberg is the strongest fighter
i like food
To change the billing address
4. Click the "Customer Service" tab.
I want to block my credit card.
Sure sir we will help u regarding the same
we are facing coverage issues
You have an iPhone 4G, is that right?
I want to know the Procedure to Recharge
May I know your good name?
i have to ask some general information
I want to know more about Caller Tune activation
What is broadband
I want to deactivate my Caller Tune
where is party tonight
What is my Bill delivery status
it will take maximum 24-48 hours .
bills details are not mentioned properly
I want to pay my bill
I do not work here
This bill is more updated.
my Office is located in Gurugram
i want to deactivate my sim card.
May I know the status of my request ?
It searches various data sources including IBM Connections, CV Wizard and BrassRing resumes, Badges and Certifications, Completed Learning, and Expertise Manager.
Do I need to submit a proof of current address for applying for a credit card?
Whats going on?
Where can I see my recent unbilled charges Online?
I can fix that for you, could I have your customer identification number.
Can I increase my credit limit?
This work is very difficult
please offer me some good recharge offers
Can you hear me?
There is a late charges in my bill , Kindly waive off the late charges as there was some technical issue while doing the payment
any idea about it
With the lowest rate of interest in the market, you pay the lowest EMI. The interest is calculated using the reducing balance method.
How can I track my complaint status?
Can i reset my account login password over the call
I want to know about all plans.
demo demo demo
I want to report a voice quality issue
Now you don't need to pay back the entire amount upfront when you make big Credit Card purchases. Just enjoy the convenience of paying back in easy EMI.
Request for conversion of transaction into EMI will be processed only if the request for the same is received within 30 days from the date of purchase
How much amount on spend can be converted in to EMI on my credit card?
What is the minimum EMI Period on my Credit Card?
it is added to your total income and taxed at slab rates applicable to your total income.
Even when no TDS is deducted include the interest income in your total income and pay tax on it
If any tax is payable after inclusion of your interest income in your total income – you must pay it before 31st March of the financial year.
Can i transfer my mobile number to my family member
Can I convert my Lifestyle Expenses in EMI on my Credit Card?
Can I convert my Jewellery Purchases in EMI on my Credit Card?
Can I convert my Apparels Purchases in EMI on my Credit Card?
where is the nearest ATM to my place
I want to get this cheque cashed.
How do I activate my debit card?
Hello, today I recharged my mobile number with rupees 200 but balance amount has not changed. Could you please tell me the status.
I am planning to take new number.
Cheque Book Issue/Drafts Issue can be requested online.
Please stop my massage service from now.
If you'd like to wait, we can save your information for you and give you some time to think about it.
Excellent choice! We're positive that you'll be satisfied.
If you would verify your date of birth for me, we can begin looking up your account information.
To meet your needs, we'll need to verify some of your information.
It may take us a moment to review that information—may we put you on hold?
If you're comfortable holding for just a moment, we'll review your information and have an answer for you very shortly
I may need to check with my manager to accommodate that request.
I Want to deactivate my current phone number
We apologize for the inconvenience, but our shipping options are limited at this time.
Hello How are you ?
I need to deactivate the 3G service.
due to technical up-gradation we are not able to check your information please call us after 1 hour.
3G service is not working for me, so please deactivate it.
How many sms i have sent.
Can I get a statement for my transactions made in last 3 months.
I wish to add a nominee/change the nominee details on my FD.
Interested in New Work.
What are the fixed deposit interest rates offered by Bajaj Finance?
What is the minimum amount required to open an FD with Bajaj Finance?
My bill is pending.
What are the Interest rates offered by ICICI Bank on Fds?
What are nomination facilities available on FDs?
What is the multiple in which I can open a FD account?
How Top-Up is different than Mobile Recharge through Recharge Codes?
Will I get any receipt from the bank for the payment?
Is there any additional charge levied by the Bank/ Operator?
What will be the increase in talk-time limit?
How can I obtain Internet Banking User ID/Password to use Mobile Recharge facility?
How do I change/modify my account details?
Shift from a Company owned account to an Individual owned account
Does the add-on card have a separate credit limit?
Do the Reward Points accrued on my card expire?
Can I change the billing address displayed in my account?
How can I redeem cash against the reward points?
Can I change the items I have selected if the Rewards Points being redeemed are the same?
Can I pay my SBI Card outstanding using my Reward Points?
What is the amount of Balance Transfer I can avail with BT service?
I had received damaged or wrong products, what do I do?
Is the cancellation process is same for all the other bank cards?
Input your online ID, select the state in which your account was opened
I paid my bill twice need the refund
Please restore my old services
Can i get same mobile number again if i will deactivate this number
Once you're logged into your account,
please click on the "Customer Service" tab
What is the registration process for Card protection plan?
Can you please increase mine credit limit for purchasing goods
Do I have to repay the emergency travel assistance?
What should I do when the validity of my card is expired?
यह बिल केवल 2000 रुपये क्यों दर्शाता है
Expiry of validity period?
Purchased on September 14th, 2017
I did not get my credit card till now!
I want to receive my last 3 bills
Please send my credit card bill for September
I want to know the details of my last 5 transactions
I am going to market.
I want to change my correspondence address
Two swords do not fit into one scabbard.
I would like to give a feedback on the solution provided by the customer support person.
I want to change my number
What is the procedure to follow if my Debit Card PIN is blocked?
Whether Voice STVs workin Free Roaming across India?
What is the procedure to replace a damaged Debit Card?
My Email ID is incorrect
Please provide me bill for my mobile phone.
Please activate DND on my mobile number
I would like to break my fixed deposit, please help
I have got an Idea 4G SIM, how do I activate it?
How do I know this is the cheapest SIM Card available?
How do you deactivate a SIM card?
What is a Fixed Deposit?
I want to deactivate my current plan
How to update mobile number from the ATM
Soory for inconvenience, we will back to you shortly.
What is your favourite Google product.?
kindly confirm me your mother's maiden name
can you please tell me the plan details of my phone
EMI Amount will be coming in my Credit Card monthly bill?
I am not receiving clear voice of the speaker, what is the issue
can you please elaborate
Could you please reset by password?
I want know my bill amount.
Payment Enquiry
I know you are smart
Port In Request
India has too many religions
I am a responsible person
When will my sim get activated
Need to Subscribe Value added services
Can you please share me your customer care details and working hours ?
What are the Charges for Data Plans?
Recharge my DTH for rupees 20
I want a cheque book
what is the maturity date of my loan
I want a cheque book.
I will transfer the call
Sure Could I have your name telephone number and fax number please?
Yes Farida Zia and the phone number is 1234
What is the min. / max. amount I can invest?
If I require money can you give me loan against my FD, at a lower rate?
I was communicated an interest of 8% however, I have not received the same.
Can I open a deposit account by cash payment?
Is there any charge/processing fee levied for opening a Fixed Deposit account?
What is my FD amount, tenor, interest %?
I had requested for a tenor of 10 however the FD is not issued on the same lines.
Can i withdraw this FD before the tenor expiry? If yes, what is the impact on interest?
What if I cross credit limit on my credit card?
I want to check my data bill.
What is the process to claim a FD if the customer is no more?
What is the customer type that can apply for an FD?
I need to change my Bank account details?
What is the tenor one can have a Fixed Deposit for?
What is the customer type that can apply for an FD?
Can I redeem my FD before the original term?
How can the customer cancel the credit card?
How soon does the beneficiary receive the money?
Will I get a FD Advice?
What is the minimum deposit amount required for opening a FD account?
How much time will it take to update the newly opened (Fixed Deposit ) FD in online system?
Is there any auto renewal facility available on Fds?
What is the range of tenure for which I can open a FD account?
Is there any auto renewal facility available on Fds?
Do Senior citizens get any extra benefit on the Fds?
What is Mobile Recharge Top-Up?
Where can I enter the denomination of Recharge amount?
Will I get any receipt from the bank for the payment?
What are the prerequisites for Recharge Top-Up facility?
How do I register for a mShop Name?
How do I send my Mobile Prepaid Recharge Request?
How can I change the SIM / What do I do if I have lost the SIM?
What do I do if I have a faulty or damaged sim?
Is safe custody applicable for both pre-paid and post-paid users?
How do I register for a mShop Name?
What happens if I do not extend Safe Custody?
Do I get intimation on expiry of Safe Custody
How many points do I earn per transaction?
How can I redeem my reward points through Website?
How can I redeem cash against the reward points?
How do I earn reward points?
What are the options for redeeming my Reward Points?
What is my bill amount
Need details about some recent transactions
what is the current interest rate for home Loan
Can you please tell the the latest plan you have?
What is my current plan?
What can be the best plan for my current usage?
How can I update my address in bank?
Can you please tell all the calling plans available in airtel postpaid ?
What are the benefits of online recharge to the consumers?
What if I do not get any confirmation message from the operator?
Can I retain my old contact list and SMS on new SIM?
good morning
Earth is round.
Since caller tunes are neither downloaded nor installed on your handset, no handset support is required for the same. This means all handsets support caller tune.
i have filled ILC on designated holiday, and ILC is locked now how to change/modify
You still have 84 thousand and 65 cents. Is there anything else that I could assist you with?
my bill amount is incorrect
You are very much welcome, Ms. Peter! You have a great day and Thank you for calling Bank of ABC. Good Bye!
For deactivation of your VAS packs at your convenience.
My First mobile number.
What to track data of every employee?
its very good
explore delhi is good decision
I want a locker.
Hindi is a beautiful language
I want person loan with low interest
Need additional information
i am facing lots of issue
What are the data roaming charges on National Roaming?
Would that I were you
How to know my call charges?
What kind of device is Monitor?
It is raining in Bangalore
How to update email address in Bank Account?
It looks like there is a mistake in my bill plan
How much is it for ?
I am calling from HDFC bank.
No problem. I can help you to apply for a credit card today if you like.
Not yet. Could you please give me more information about the cards available?
I don't want to continue my card
How may i help you
what is credit limit of my postpaid number
what is my monthly bill cycle
will my credit limit increase
what are default services  provided on my number
I am from Gurgaon
How are you doing?
I want my e bill soft copy
I completed this one
what is the process of mobile number portability
Its very urgent
We have multiple accounts could you please check the balance on each account please?
how do i put money to my account ?
I would like to teach you
I want to transfer my loan amount to a different bank?
Thanks for the information
I want to change my billing address
Migration Related
Payment Enquiry
I work in night shift
The train had left before I reached the station
We have taken our breakfast
My billing address is incorrect
your current balance is Rs. 12. 53 paisa.
I want to book flight
My network signals are not coming?
My 4g network is not coming
How to pay bill online?
In india lots of language.
How much time it will take to open current account?
Please provide more details of my phone bill
What is my account balance?
I want to activate 3G
my phone is samsung
Can you deliver duplicate SIM at my doorstep
There are some discrepancies in my Bill
what is my account balance
How to manage VAS (Start/Stop Services)?
what is my outstanding balance
Please assist me on this problem
I am not happy with service.
the novel is very exciting
Let's play game.
Hello how are you
Did you learn anything new recently which can be helpful to BPO’s?
My name is Anshul
What are the services/facilities available at ATMs?
I want to change my bill plan
Are the customers eligible for compensation for delays beyond 7 working days?
What will I have to pay for this service?
If lost card is subsequently found/traced and restored to cardholder, can it be reactivated?
I want to convert my postpaid service to prepaid service
I am facing issue with internet?
What is population of India
How May I help you?
we should keep calm in nervousness situation
I want to open PPF account.
How to contact with HR for salary.?
How to introduce new product and services.?
He was my dear friend.
It’s great that you’re concerned for your online security!
We worked really hard to create a thorough FAQ/tutorial for that exact problem.
What’s your favorite type of book?
My bill amount is incorrect
how can we make this right?
send your executive tomorrow
would you like to order ?
My bill amount is incorrect
My bill amount is incorrect
is this a good time to talk to you ?
Thank you for your patience and understanding
People are becoming more and more particular about their mobile data
My bill amount is incorrect
What are the Call charges for your network ?
What is the last payment date on my loan
My roaming pack is not working.
How much I spent on my debit card
We will correct the coverage problem
Where can i find the Manager ?
Could you please tell me how to open a new account in your bank
Yeah, hi. My system is down and I need to speak with a technician
Can I have your name please
Kindly post your queries, we will respond to it.
For verification purposes mam, Can I get your name and birthdate?, please.
What will be maturity amount of my FD after 5 years?
For a more up dated bill of your account, you can visit our website and log in to your account.
Power On the Lightshttps://indiadatacollectiontool.mybluemix.net/#
I want to deactivate my connection.
I want to activate international roaming on my number
I want to change my data package
which plans are on offer?
i want to deactivate 3g services
I need to know the process of outstanding money settlement of credit card
How much money can I avail using this facility?
What is recharge card?
I am not able to dial any calls through your network.
What are the documents that I need to submit to open an account with HDFC Bank?
How do I change Contact No.?
Who is a co-applicant?
How do I repay the loan?
What is my weight
do you speak English ?
How do i know which discounts are applied in my bill?
How was your day?
I want to buy a new house.
Your plan is going to expire in next two days.
HOW TO GIVE PRESENTATION WHILE ON DESKTOP?
I am facing some issues with my mobile phone network for the past few days.
Does your bank provide home loans ?
What is normal temperature of human body
What is my current outstanding
How to drive a car
I want new internet connection.
ATM is out of Cash
when are we going home ?
Change this language to my preferred language
voice quality of my phone is not good.
Thanks for your help
My office is in Noida
how many times i can call to other phone number
my account number is
what is the best way to learn science
Can I download or print a copy of my bill to my computer?
I am teaching Hindi to Watson
Better late than never
I am not understanding my Income tax
May i know your name please
Patience is a virtue.
Can I talk with your team leader?
is my request still unresolved?
Please reset my password for my account.
I want to deactivate my SIM.
How can i check Recurring Deposit balance for my account ?
i want to know the process for new atm pin
how much i have pay for locker in your bank
How much minimum balance is required to open a account?
please tell me your cheque number for which you want to stop payment.
How much interest on fixed deposit?
What are the charges for fund transfer to different bank?
What is the interest rate on different accounts?
How can I know the MICR code of my branch bank?
What are the offers on various credit cards?
Track your policy online
Please send me copy of my mobile bills for last three months.
I want to activate hello tunes on my number
I want to take my medicines ontime
I want to reset my debit card password
We went for a walk in the forest.
Can you please activate my sim card
You must get rid of such a habit.
Believe it or not, she has three children.
Could you send someone up to make the bed?
I’d love to help you with that.
He was caught in the act of pick pocketing.
I want to transfer my account to nearby branch
Health is the most precious thing we have.
I want to activate my net banking
i want dnd services for my mobile
what is my internet data usage limit
can you please change my address
Thank you for calling. we are glad to assist you
i lost my sim card
I want to activate DND for my number
I am getting the message that Security certificate has expired
I want to read
I want to play hockey
We should be tactful in decision making process to make industry growth rate increase in faster pace.
We have to step out into automation to support Watson growth in cognitive era.
May i know your name please
i have cancelled my booking but you have charged the same
i have lost my debit card and I want to block the same
SIM is not working properly.
Please deactivate caller tune from my number.
I have a cat
Sure, as you wish, I will get my Supervisor for the resolution.
happy birthday
How do I activate my Dormant Account ?
How can I apply for the Recurring Deposit?
Process for closure of NRE/NRO Fixed Deposit
Inward Remittance
What's the difference between floating and fixed interest rates?
i want to activate 3G services
i want to deactivate 3G services
What is my bill account?
what are the outgoing call charges in roaming?
Customer care is not taking the call.
Do I need a separate handset to use 3G services?
I don't want to pay 150 as visit charge for technician.
Can I share my Unlimited Anytime Minutes on my Nationwide Plan with other lines on my Family Share Plan?
what is my complaint's expected time to resolve
I want to use the ATM
From ATM, money did not dispensed. But the money got debited from my bank account.
I want that my bank should reduce my home loan rate of interest
What plans are eligible for Friends & Family?
How much does Friends & Family plan cost?
Friends & Family is a feature available on qualifying Nationwide plans at no additional monthly cost.
when did you raise the complaint
We are facing heavy latency into Excel. Please resolve the issue.
I want to open an account with the least amount of hassle
Do you want to know the data balance?
What is the last payment date on my loan?
Your address is wrong
GST bill for the current year
What’s the best way to pay household bills?
Never mind
What is my name?
Mai i know what is your concern
Sure sir we will help u regarding the same.
what is my bill due date?
What is the purpose of this meeting?
I have to submit my documents for internet connection
Top tourist places in India?
She forgot to feed her dog.
how to activate caller tune in my cell?
my bill was submitted but status is still not changed
is there some other scheme with better interest rates
which plan offers better returns with lower risk
what is the additional bonus on yearly basis?
What are the details of my loan account
For credit card verification process whom do I need to contact
Checking Account Balance [MULTIPLE ACCOUNT]
Recharge my DTH for R. 500
What is my bill plan ?
i want to activate 3G on my phone
I would like to know my remaining money in my account.
Sure, it's Tracy Q. Randall, account number is 805-7845-3895-061
What is the time frame to report Credit card transaction dispute?
I have applied for SBI credit card, how can i check on the status of this
I have not received my Credit Card?
I want to enhance the limit on my card. What should I do?
My credit card has expired.
What is the limit of my credit card?
How can i get a signal tower in my area?
I want to reset PIN of my debit card
I noticed that you said that plan is best for "connecting with friends and family through email and social networking" but it doesn't explicitly mention HD video streaming.
how can i raise a complaint request against bad service?
Thank you for your patience.
print it and visit the bank with your KYC documents to have your account opened
What is Verified by Visa and Master Secure Code?
Is cancellation possible on Internet? How will I get my ticket cancelled that I have booked at this site?
How do I avail the roaming feature on my Idea Pre-paid connection?
Can I change my billing address?
Will all my old services be retained on my new SIM card?
How do I opt for Itemized bill or a detailed bill?
How can I contact Customer Care while roaming within India?
What are the call management services offered by Idea?
How to open a bank account online
What are the current offers available while applying for a Citibank credit card?
What is Cash limit?
Can I place request to receive my card at a new mailing address?
I am not getting my card statements delivered to my address?
How does the unique password for my Statement on E-mail in PDF format work?
How do I earn reward points? How many points do I earn per transaction?
Can I redeem reward points accumulated on my closed credit card?
how can I pay my balance amount
I want to get a new service activated for 4G
I want a combo tariff which have both balance and data benefits.
How can I get a bank statement for last month
I love you.
i want to close my account.
my new SIM is still not activated please help
Steve Jobs is co-founder of Apple Computers
Bihar is first republic of the world
Pandit Jawahar Lal Nehru was first prime minister of Independent India
ice is cold
What is intranet labor clocking?
what is my bill amount?
what is my bill amount?
I want to change my bill plan
i want to change my address
How to calculate value for mortgage?
What is your phone number.
how do I raise billing dispute
My bill amount is incorrect
what are you doing?
adhere to clean desk policy & procedures !
important information
keep the input relevant
Could you please give me statement of account ?
I am not happy with your service.
I want to change my data plan.
I want to change  SIM.
I am working in the accounts department.
Please pay your bill as soon as possible
How is your weekend
I am working in the accounts department.
What is the name of your company?
Please stop sending bills to the old address until my billing address is updated
What is the status of my internet pack activation?
What is the status of my new postpaid connection?
What is the status of my bill payment for last month?
When will my sim get deactivated?
Tell me your name
Please change my language to Hindi from English in my bill
What is the top up plans for ISD calls for Europians countries?
suggest me a good bill plan that suits my usage
I want to have details of my plan
I have to learn a new language
Thank you for staying on the call
Keep doing your work successfully
My name is Adishree
Please sign here.
Teach Watson
You need to submit the below documents to open a account in our bank.
How to change caller tune?
I do not have system Accesibility.
What is MNP?
I am fed up with your service?
i am not feeling well today
your details are successfully submitted.
I want to know the name on my account
I am going to office.
may i know if you are interested in switching the existing plan
our train stopped suddenly
I want to port my number to use services of some other network provider
she forgot to feed her dog
I attended web service training today
You are good in chess
Appearances are often deceptive
i have new data plan which is wrong one.
My SIM has got locked how to get it unlocked?
Is there a financial limit to the complaints TDR can deal with?
what are the benefits of Internet banking?
How can I manage my  account on my own?
How can I check my outstanding bill amount and other details?
What is the character count for billing/ charging of any SMS?
How can I be sure about which Mobile Internet Plan/ Pack is good for me?
The tickets will arrive by mail in a few days.
Do I need a separate handset to use 3G services?
Do I need to configure any special settings on my phone to use 3G?
What happens if I consume all my free usage and I am still left with validity?
What is Beneficiary meant in internet banking ?
How can I activate a Bonus card or Data pack with my available Balance?
How to create RD account in Internet banking?
Is in built free usage applicable in international roaming?
Can I block my phone if SIM is lost?
Please escalate my request to your supervisor
1. My name is Jatin Girdhar. My mobile number is 888-999-0011. My address is House Number 900, Sector 78, Gurgaon.
good morning
Do i need to pay penalty on breaking my fixed deposit?
I want to know the bill for my international roaming package
Do I have to return the SIM?
How do I block my SIM card?
Study lest you should fail
I am from Pune
These issues are creating unwanted delay.
What are you doing?
What is your school name ?
I am doing my work.
I would like to know the process to update my current address in the system
Excuse me sir
I’ve relocated due to Hurricane , will local banks cash my checks if I’m not a customer of that bank?
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
Hatred is self-punishment
I am no longer working due to the storm and don't have the income to live on and meet my payments. If I miss some loan payments, how will this affect my credit? Will I be charged late fees?
Please block my Debit Card.
PLEASE SEND ME THE CALL DETAILS
i want to know about corporate bill plans
please confirm your date of birth
Why did katappa killed bahubali
Could you tell me new offers on my account
May I put your call on hold for few minutes?
What do you want know about Watson?
what are the data plan
Could you provide me a summarized bill for last month?
I want to know why my previous month bill includes international charges
Press 9 to speak to IT service desk executive
Where were you?
Is there any discount to me for locker service?
Will the remaining data balance be taken forward to next month?
What are the charges for National roaming?
Hi, This is Neha, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Should I go for Motorola Phones?
As per our system’s data, you did pay your last bill by August 12, which was two days ago in one of our affiliated payment centers and you currently have 0 balance.
work is worship
will incoming calls in roaming are chargeable ?
Hi, I want to update my communication address for my current mobile number.
what to do to change my address?
Thank you very much for your help
I think there is some mistake in the bill
you're asked to make Jio your default SMS app
Which is the best Car in the world?
I would like to know my remaining money in my account.
Thank you, let me just check on it. Ok, can you please, verify the last four numbers of your social security ID?
what is my bill cycle date ?
have you had lunch?
We are committed to providing best-in-class customer care through world class technology and response mechanisms.
is there some other scheme with better returns
How to Transfer Saving Account to other branch?
How to restart a computer?
meeting notification
Can I know the details of my bill ?
i love my country.
thank you!
I don't like politics in office.
Please help me to escalate this issue.
Which form need to be filled for the money deposit?
i love my family
This bill amount is not correct
I have been charged wrongly in my bill
are my phone call records saved?
Please be online .our executive will respond you shortly
there is lovely weather outside
Thank you,if you have any bill amount related problem please select Bill Payment under claim type.
what is your variable pay ?
Your call will be record for quality and training purpose
where I can get the shopping mall here ?
I want to know the balance of my data package
What is the 4g network coverage in my area.
I am getting connection error
I want to activate international roaming.
My sim password got locked
Please wait for the sometime
do you know about hindi language
I want to change my correspondence address
I am sorry, can you please, repeat yourself.
OK, what exactly the problem?
can I make my current account
What are the documents required to change the mobile plan from prepaid to postpaid
how much is my balance for this month?
I want to lock my ATM
I am an honest person.
Which expert committee has constituted by the Union Government to identify key data protection issues in India?
What is the charges of SMS?
When will I be charged late payment fees and how much?
I want to change my data plan
How do I subscribe for International Roaming
I want to pay my bill
Please disconnect my number.
i want to launch a complain
How to check my balance?
How do i open a Recurring deposit
Can I transfer my Current Account from one branch to another?
I want to change connection.
How do I get refund?
Sure Sir. Please submit your documents to our nearest centre.
What is Java? Java is a computer programming language.
Which is your nearest service centre ?
I think that I met you earlier.
Please tell me your location sir then I can assist you with the nearest service centre.
i want to change my network operator what is the process.
What is Java? Java is a computer programming language.
what are you doing
How to deactivate 3G data service ?
you should attend the meeting
Can you help me in understanding this bill's details?
What are the documents to be given as ‘proof of identity’ and ‘proof of address’?
I want to switch my sim card from 3G to 4G.
Can I transfer my existing bank account from one place to another? Do I need to undergo full KYC again?
Can you send this link over SMS?
I am facing call drop issue ?
I want to learn Oracle database
My recharge was not done.
hi How are you?
My payment is not yet updated!
When will I call back?
bus is moving
I have not received my e-bill of this month. Would you please send the bill to my registered email id.
Is a nomination facility available for lockers?
how to buy laptop
we appreciate your patience
If we were in your position, we would feel the same way
Customer care: Please input your card number using mobile key pad and press star to validate
I think it matters whether someone has a good heart
your password is incorrect
And scheduled the technician for today but no one came to my resident to check.
What is my data balance?
Hello.. I wanted to know difference between micro sim and nano sim?
How to transfer money from one account to another account ?
Right now i am typing from my laptop.
Can you send me bill copy?
Yes sir, I understand the problem and will be happy to help you.
What did you promise me the last time we spoke?
What is my Bill Amount
How do I open a joint bank account?
What proofs do i require to open a bank account?
What are the key features you think that customer associate should possess to become perfect customer associate?
I am a part of office depot team.
why are you going
I am getting system error again.
I went to TVS showroom
please show me your Promotional Scheme.
I want to apply for a new ATM pin.
Can I switch between CDMA & GSM or vice-versa?
we had some good time last evening
I want to know my bill plan
Can I talk with your team leader?
I want to change my address
may I help you with something else
When will my plan be activated
he plays tennis very well
how r u feeling
the rain continued whole day
who loves me
I forgot my ATM PIN, how can I reset?
Hi, This is Affan, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing Today?
Hi, This is Alka, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing Today?
Hi, This is Bushra, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Davinder, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Nipun, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
i know you cann't help
yes i can understand
thank you so much ,Good night
I am pleased to assist you
I have to register a complaint
i want  to deactivate my national roaming pack
What is you number
Hi, you have connected with ABC phoneline.
What is your name
thank you so much.
what is the highest bill plan
If you have a Mobile Internet plan/ pack, the usage would be consumed from there.
Can you please transfer my call to your customer care executive?
i faced issue with your customer service many times in past.
i will come tomorrow
Do you have any family plan
How can I get duplicate bill of my credit Card.
Please go to settings menu in your phone and select network services
How was your day?
i want to know about roaming free plans
We have taken our breakfast.
She will be cooking food this time.
I want to disconnect my phone, what is the process for that
can I deposit coins at the ATM?
I already gave my number to the previous agent
You see, If you check your records, I've been actually calling you almost every other day for the past few weeks.
I have paid my last months bill, please update in the system.
what is the maximum  limit of making the demand draft through  cash
I am working as Major Incident Manager.
When will the customer get the credit card?
How do I convert my existing magnetic stripe credit card to Chip and PIN Credit Card ?
I want my credit card delivery to be sent to my alternate address, what should I do?
How do I enroll for ICICI Bank Rewards Programme / ICICI Bank Hand Picked Rewards ?
where is my welcome kit
MY BILL AMOUNT IS
can i take prepaid internet data plan
What is the SLA to resolve my connection issue?
How can I help you?
How much tariff I have ?
What is my tariff plan ?
Tell me my mobile SIM card status ?
Explain my data card bill from February to till last month ?
which bank branch will be nearest to my residence
I have an issue on my bill
How can I reduce my current EMI
Will I be charged extra for doing payment through ATM?
I need to reduce my current EMI on my home loan
My home address is correct .
What type of FD and maturity instruction is available for FDs requested from the ATM channel?
I want to open a savings account
Thanks for calling ,wish you a great day ahead
health is wealth
I need to report a fraud activity on my account
When will the fund get credited in beneficiary account?
Will be there any additional charges for using this service through ATM?
Hello sir, how are you?
Thanks for help
My SIM card is not activated
I need to access web services for troubleshooting
for SIM card activation  what i need to do
Where can I find out how to claim a fee refund?
Why and my net pack service got deactivated ?
The network is too poor to make a call in my area
Should there be damages for privacy violations?
I want to know the latest interest rates
I want to close my credit card account
My name is wrongly spelt in my PPF account
i have complaint on speed of net
I want to download Statement of my account
I haven’t yet received my money back after a refund, kindly suggest what  can I do?
how much time it takes to change mobile phone billing address?
What would be the GST Charges for my Credit Card Usage?
WORKING IN IBM
I want to know my last payment date
i have coverage problem
I would like to know the maturity value of the Fixed deposit
can you please share the amount left in my account?
why there is a delivery fee on each ordered product?
Can an individual open a Current Account?
I want to open a joint bank account
Is the connection secure
How can I help you?
Why the issue take so much time to resolve
I want to know about the taxes on my previous bill
do you want to deactivate your 3G services?
I want to change the internet data plan
I want to check my single fixed deposit account balance
What is the cheapest Internet Plan ?
why don't you have a plan same as reliance JiO
how can i port my number?
How do I request for a cheque book for my personal Account?
I want to know the balance of my account
certainly, please go ahead
what is your name
Internet speed is very good
You want to check your bill due date
what are various tariff plans
Sir can i put your call on hold for a moment please
I want to make a request to issue cheque book
I want to check my saving balance
Is there any way I can check my savings account balance from home so I don't have to go in person?
I want to see my credit card balance
how to request for cheque book
Please ,can u explain me about new plans of the Network.
Customer calls kept on long holds and company ads are played which is irritating
I want to pay my electricity bill.
Can i change this after some time ?
Make it better to understand
Hi Team my name is sandesh I have a problem in my mobile network I will not be able to make a call and receive call due to network problem The location is electronic city bangalore
I lost my data balance
Customer: I want to know about my bill plan.
I will not pay extra charge
Want some information of my Account number
What is the Rate of Interest for Senior Citizen RD in your Bank
Please note my Bank Account number
Please change my address details
Please update my address.
Please correct my phone number
what all documents is needed
How much time it will take to update my address
How much time it will take to update my phone number
where's the nearest cash machine?
Do I need to get a new SIM Card if I move to another city?
what is my account balance?
What is a Family SharePlan?
How to check IMEI number of mobile
How can I be sure about which Mobile Internet Plan/ Pack is good for me?
the problem has not been solved yet.
what about VAT like Tax Setups in AP and AR?
I wish to change my billing address.
My billing address is not correct, I need to change it.
Which documents are required to update billing address.
Is attestation required for the document?
Is this process confidential?
How to change billing address?
How does the new EMV chip and PIN system for credit cards work?
What is a Fixed deposit scheme?
How does a credit card differ from debit card?
What are the various modes through which I can make my payment?
What is my FD amount, tenor, interest %?
I want to become a Govt Employee.
What interest pay out options are available?
When will my interest amount be paid?
Can i withdraw this FD before the tenor expiry? If yes, what is the impact on interest?
I want a new cheque book issued for my savings account.
I wish to add a nominee/change the nominee details on my FD.
You are a good customer
How soon will I receive my Fixed Deposit Receipt?
Whether all deposit holder need to sign while opening and closing deposits ?
Is the interest on FD taxable? What is the taxable amount?
How will the maturity amount be transferred?
What is the interest amount that will be credited to my account?
How are you doing today?
How will the maturity amount be transferred?
Why invest in an FD?
How can I block my Credit Card?
Check the reason of system error.
I want to change my ATM pin.
Reactivation of my SIM has been done without my knowledge.
My request for new configuration of my SIM not registered yet
I am getting reminder after My payment.
Who do I contact for a billing dispute?
How much i need to pay extra after due date of bill
i want my data to be erased fully
What is my saving account balance ?
What is the account balances for my all accounts ?
Can I have your bankcard please?
Here is your ID back and here is your receipt.
please elaborate the topic
What is my loan outstanding
Please tell me my bill due date
I want to know the process of opening PPF account.
Do you want to eat today?
I an a customer of your bank and I have some errors on my account details
I wan to change my internet data plan
What we can do to protect our environment ?
when you are going there?
no, I don't know you.
Hello.. I want to know about the Recharge Offers
I am being wrongly charged in my phone bill
some scheme got activated on my sim and automatic balance deducted.i want to deactivate that scheme.
When was my passbook last update?
I want to change my bill plan.
When can you apply for a home loan?
What are the securities/collateral you need to provide?
I want to change my current plan.
i'd be glad to help you.
How does bank help you in selecting a property of your own choice?
How will Bank decide my Home Loan eligibility?
I have recently changed my address; can I book Easy Money?
When to recharge the account?
Yes, I seem to have trouble opening my computer.
How do I change my Contact Number / Email Address?
How do I change Email ID?
How can I transfer my Account Branch?
How can I apply for the Fixed Deposit ?
How do I apply for Debit Card?
What are Inactive and Dormant accounts?
Can I switch between fixed and floating interest rates during the tenure of the loan?
What is a Power of Attorney (POA)?
What is Portfolio Investment Scheme?
Network connectivity is very poor at my area
i want to deactivate 4G services
Could you please provide me my bill detail.
i want to know the status of my complaint
i want my complaint number
I respect Humanism.
I want to reactivate my old connection
what is my due amount
Where do you work?
whwhere do you live?
my mother tongue is Hindi.
do you know me?
How do I get to talk to customer care executive easily? There is long way to reach via IVR.
When did you last laugh?
he has a deep knowledge of politics
HOW TO WRITE A MAIL IN DIFFERENT LANGUAGE?
The manufacturing process and specifications for the flag are laid out by the Bureau of Indian Standards
India got its independence on August 15th, 1947
I want to know available family plan for my number
how to copy files
A value stream mapis a graphical representation
If where there is a will,there is a way.
I want to pay my phone bill
I want to know my last 5 deductions.
Jewelry/Gold transaction are not eligible for EMI conversion.
How will I know if any action has being taken on my complaint?
please tell me process for sim activation .
What are the cost mobile number portability?
How to check the status of Mobile Number Portability?
Since last week I am also facing call drop issue can you please resolve it urgently
what is the maturity date of my fixed deposit ?
I want to change my billing address.
What are you looking for in terms of career development?
If I were to ask your last supervisor to provide you additional training or exposure, what would she suggest?
Who was your favorite manager and why?
What are three positive things your last boss would say about you?
What is your biggest regret and why?
Not yet. Could you please give me more information about the cards available?
Tell me one thing about yourself you wouldn't want me to know
What is the best movie you've seen in the last year?
Tell me 10 ways to use a pencil other than writing
How to nail the job interview when you’re not 100% qualified
How would you go about establishing your credibility quickly with the team?
Is it legal for the bank to request my fingerprint to cash a check?
Can i pre close my home loan?
I don’t like to fly that much. Can you tell me about the Gold shopper card?
Yes, I have my driver’s license with me.
No thank you. That’s all.
can someone upate me about my payment?
I want to apply for a new ATM.
i need the activation key for this
Send me my credit card statement for April for this year?
Send 5000 to Ankita Thakur.
Recharge my DTH for Rs 500.
You want to activate/deactivate a Value added service
Confirmation through Debit Card grid numbers corresponding to random 3 letters shown
Is the interest paid on deposits different for high value deposits?
what is the Maturity value of my fixed deposit?
I want to activate a value added service
thank you let me just check it
I have network problem in my area.
Please fill the cash withdrawal form to take cash.
Good morning sir I am calling from a telecom is it a good time to talk?
An existing opportunity for new customers to enjoy unlimited data*, unlimited calling and free music, movies & games apps.
Your Account has low balance
where do you work?
Which is your favorite song?
I want to sing
Hello Watson !
Please, note the data balance in your account is zero.
Your bill anount is RS 10,000/-
My transaction should be of minimum how much amount, to convert into EMI?
No Sir there is no other hidden fees , only few mandatory taxes are there .
Why I haven't got standing instruction notification for my fixed deposit this month?
Why I haven't received standing instruction notification for my fixed deposit this month?
Complaint against ATM withdrawal
My Name is Watson
If we do the transaction over the phone or online, our team will still contact you for verification prior sending your money to a different bank.
I'm sorry, can you please, repeat yourself?
But, don't worry, I promise you that we'll get your issue resolved.
I want to report a stolen card.
Please assist me with Know Your Customer
The maintenance charges are too high.
i am going for movie.
Can you tell me the various Data plan options provided by you.
This current plan does not meet my requirement.
Customer support center and Usage & Billing monitoring team does not work in tandem
I want to replace my sim card
How will you decide my home loan eligibility?
How much is my data balance
Can I access my account when I am out of town/travelling in India?
What are the best offers as per my usage
Please cut extra charged money from current bill
I'm having an issue with your network recently
How I can change my mobile bill plan ?
What is the current balance outstanding on my loan
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group My Name is Ajay How may I assist you?
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Pooja, How may I assist you?
May I know your name please ?
I want to withdraw some money from my bank account
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Srijana, How may I assist you?
lets party tonight
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Ria, How may I assist you?
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Rajesh, How may I assist you?
Can I have a group plan for the network?
If I don't use my SIM will it be deactivated?
Is there any discount offered on bill payment?
Kindly answer the security questions as per the bank security policies before i check the status of your request for passbook.
I want to update my mobile number.
I did not get last 5 month e-bill for my data card
You need to visit your base branch with passbook, your photograph and valid government photo id to complete the request for photo passbook.
Is it possible i can check my debit card status here on call ?
What is my credit card limit
Will I get details about my savings account online?
Can I change my bill dates?
Sorry the information that you have given does not match with our records
I want to know about current bill plan. can you tell me in details?
Yes I can see error on screen.
Airtel supports
There may be an impact on roaming if you travel during the porting process.
May i know your Good name please ?
I want to talk to an agent
please change my phone number
I am unable to associate my Aadhaar card with my bank account, can you please help me out?
How to meet my bank manager?
Hello, Welcome to IBM
what is your name?
Is there any roaming plan for 3 days?
May I know your current billing address?
learn to express gratitude
I want to change the address in my bank account pass book. How to do that?
What is my balance in this account
Evidence of water presence on Trapist-1 planets
How i can change my address ?
I want to known about my data plan
How can I enroll for e-statements
have a great day ahead
I want to activate 5 days data pack on my number.
I want to block my ATM card.
How to  block my SIM if my phone is lost?
How can I report a network issue?
i am having fun
which is the better plan available for me please tell
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Ajay, How may I assist you?
i want to get internet setting on phone.
why this amount is deducted from my account.
i want to port my phone number
what is monthly charge of caller tune
India is an Incredible country.
My name is Kadeer
My statement is incorrect
I have forgotten the pin of my ATM.
Please unblock my ATM card.
I want to open a Demat account.
you can generate new pin by atm machine or internet banking
how can i change my atm pin
can you please tell me how to get locker in bank
What is the last payment date on my loan ?
What is my loan balance?
Send me my credit card statement for last financial year?
Recharge my DTH for RS. 1000
I am typing correct username and password , still unable to login to my netbanking account.
The bank website is down.
How can I change mobile number for my account?
Instant Re-generation of PIN
I want to activate a data package on my number
I want to change my data package
is the documentation done
telecom communication
Is i need to come bank to get my fixed deposit amount ?
what is the rate of interest on home loan?
How can I surrender my locker?
What are the professionals Charges for loans in detail?
Education Loan for abroad education charges in detail
What is the current rate of interest on personal loan
how can I save internet settings in my phone
If I am not getting 4G connectivity, what do I get then - 3G / 4G?
How to enable mobile network on my number ?
what is my current balance
I have been charged for unsubscribed services
There's a problem with my credit card
No, I want to close my account. I do not want to convert it into pre-paid
who are you ?
What is the current balance outstanding on my loan?
My name is Prakash and i am from Shillong.
Mr. Narendra Modi is our Prime Minister
How are you?
I want to know the details of my data plan.
This will help me firm up the defense for exceeding
I forgot my ATM pin. Kindly help me reset the same.
How much does Mobile Number Portability cost?
Where are you going?
I want to enable data plan on my mobile number.
I like horse riding.
today is very rainy day.
will i get the receipt for this transaction.
Where are you going ?
I have not received my electricity bill for this month
How to register yourself for online banking?
I am a customer of your bank and I have some errors on my account details
I want to change the pin code of my address
Is it necessary to link pan card and aadhar card to an account?
what is the distance between earth and moon?
There are five continent in the world.
Why is my SIM not activated even after 48 hours
Do you want to know about your current plan ?
When is the income tax certificate issued?
i have not received my latest bill
we can talk some time later
I want to activate DND for my mobile number
I have requested to change my plan, please let me know the confirmation about it
It is indisputable that Scheme and Promotion offer retail store a series of benefits which other forms of marketing communications cannot duplicate
Social websites are  best place of promotional scheme
what are roming charges?
i want to activate roaming plan for my number
who can share the customer details with us?
i want to activate internet on my number
what is Charges Dispute?
how to check tariff
how to change tariff
what is General Details?
how to activate mobile
you need better music player for voice
where to check recharge offers
how will you send bill on mail ?
we will send bill on mail later
Jt account holder  name  and balance on the fixed deposit
i will teach you how to recharge
how to change address
i will teach you how to recharge
Credit card Balance (Single Card and Multiple)
what is Balance Deduction?
did you get any chance to recharge my phone
what is Coverage?
how to deactivate caller tune
how to make call
how to check validity status
what is Port Out Status?
what is Alerts?
what is GPRS?
what is Restore Service?
what is Tariff Change?
what is Sales Lead?
How we pass the entries in account payable and related all the question based on account payable?
What is FBT(Fringe Benefit Tax)??
Can you give a sample Process Flow for Procure to Pay Cycle?
What is the difference between EFT & Wire?
What steps would you take before making a payment?
What is the difference between billable and non-billable expenses?
Bank loan against stock inventory
What is the interest amount that will be credited to my account?
Is attestation required for the document?
I wish to update my billing address.
Shall I send the required documents by post?
What are the different types of credit cards?
What is the customer type that can apply for an FD?
I would like to change my billing address.
Shashank wants to drink wine
I want to know about value added service
who will solve my defect ?
I want a new sim card
One of my good friend is a Doctor
I want to play with my son
I want to add video calling facility on my plan.
The full form of NCR is National Capital Region.
How is your day going today.
Let's rock and roll .
Number of leaves are less in cheque book
Sir I have registered your complaint.
Hi I am living in Faridiabad
I had paid my bill, but the connection was not re-established yet.
I am listening music
i want to play
My Phone is lost. How to get Duplicate Sim?
What is the meaning of Advance?
How long does it take to transfer my number?
What is the meaning of Assets?
What is the meaning of number?
What is the meaning of ERP?
please update my alternate number
How much shall I get personal loan from your bank?
My Bill amount is incorrect.
How can I activate 4G data plan
Need to get information about newly launched plans
My data speed is not coming as per my plan
am i eligible for avail car loan ?
Please let me know last deposited amount entry in my account
Can I convert this number from prepaid to postpaid ?
Handset Setting For Mobile TV
How do I avail the Hello TV service?
Can other operator customers subscribe BSNL Hello TV service, if yes. How other operator/ service provider’s customer can avail this service ?
How do I save money by using tele-education service?
What will happen to my existing balance in case I port out to other operator?
In how many days/hrs will my number get activated in new circle?
I have received my credit card recently. What is the statement generation date on my credit card?
Is video calling supported by the application?
I Do not have a Tata Docomo Number, can I still use GET?
What is a CVV number?
What is your favorite family tradition?
Can the credited balance be transferable to other accounts?
International Roaming service will get deactivated within 30 minutes post SMS.
What personal trait has gotten you in the most trouble?
I have balance in my account, I still got an SMS "Sorry your request could not be processed. Please try again later."
I have update my new address/ mobile number/ email ID in credit card, however, old contact details are reflecting in Payback Card. Please confirm how to update the contact details in Payback card?
Want to know why interest charges are levied on my credit card?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
How do I setup and secure my Photon?
What is the best part of being a part of your family?
If I have only one mobile number and multiple bank cards (Credit / Debit / Prepaid) can I use all the cards?
Can you send the Internet Banking password on registered e-mail ID?
Within how many days can I dispute a transaction?
I want to check balance for multiple accounts.
do you have any other alternative handset?
can i take your handset for sometimes
your handset look is too good
Yes, i confirm the tariff change from my side
Show transactions from last week.
I would like to reset my internet password.  Please help me understand the process
When will I receive my ATM-cum-Debit Card and PIN?
What are the functions of call centre?
I did not get message on my phone today.
How can I change the SIM / What do I do if I have lost the SIM?
How do I Get Bill on eMail?
i want a cheque book
When is my Birthday
When is my promotion due?
How many people in your organization are getting affected by this problem ?
what is my bill amount?
what is your address?
Wheat is a rabi crop
Lord Rama was born in Ayodhya
what is my bill amount?
what is my bill amount
How do I change the address in my saving account?
how to check if network is not available
The medicine tastes bitter.
how is it going ?
How to get my daily bank statement?
Rent is not correct in my bill
How can I help you?
I am a student of St. Andrew’s High School.
Thanks for using our 24-hour help line, and please feel free to contact us again if you have any more problems. Goodbye!
my Bill is not generated
I understand; so many options can be confusing. May I provide assistance in helping you decide?
How can I get a duplicate bill?
Can I get a duplicate bill through email?
Can I change the name of my accounts
I understand how you feel—would you like to speak with a supervisor who would be able to better meet your needs?
I would need to get approval from my manager for that request…may I transfer you to their line?
I want to add nominee to my savings account.
what is my billing cycle
I don’t require 3G service, please deactivate it.
What is the process to get 4G sim card
who is the ceo of google?
How can I get port my number?
who is a president of india?
Tomorrow is holiday
she has one dog.
i received my mobile bill yesterday
What is plan details
what are the different bill plans ?
i like working on mondays
Greeting of the day !!
My name is Vinet and I am customer of your bank and want to know the balance amount of my account.
IBM is good organization.
Telecom industry is playing vital role in today's life style and without this now people don't imagine their daily life
I want to pay my phone bill through netbanking
hi , I am unable to access application on my mobile
how to claim balance amount?
can you please do that for me
The contact numbers vary depending on which country you are calling from. Check the Vodafone support website for the correct number in your area.
what time you are available?
how may i help you
you are welcome
I got a new mail.
Had your food?
What are the taxes applied on my bill.
I don't like to work on weekend.
amount reflected in my bill is wrong.
I need to recharge for my mobile bill
Could you please share corporate plan details (If any)
your account will be valid after verification
What is your Name
How can I get the address changed on my bill?
How do I check my Bills on the Website?
How much is my data usage this month ?
please reply
My name is Ram
Place it wherever you like
How much are the international roaming call charges
How much data is left in my plan for this month ?
what is your country name?
What is the current balance in my account ?
How much time do I have to exchange the notes?
i am not able to see my bill.
What is the credit period for credit card?
How do I pay my credit card bill?
Can I make a payment after the due date of the bill?
Any documents needs to be submitted for updating the credit spends through EMIs
Can anyone call the customer care or visit Branch and change the limit on my card?
How will be the lounge visit charges be billed to me?
How can I Apply for ICICI Bank Credit Card?
When can I open a salary account with this Bank?
What is a CVV number?
Please refund my excess payment
What are the documents required to open a salary account?
I came across a transaction on my account using a debit card which was not attempted by me? How do I report this transaction?
Are there any charges for availing Set Limit service?
How can the customer cancel the credit card?
Can I make a payment more than the Total Amount Due as shown in the statement?
How can I link/ register my mobile number with my credit card?
Can I use this PIN for cash withdrawals?
I want to avail the Balance Transfer facility on my credit card. How to place request for Balance Transfer on credit card?
How can I earn points quickly?
What are the processing fees charged by the bank?
What if I am traveling with a colleague who isn't a member of Priority Pass?
Where can the ICICI Bank Coral Contactless Credit Card be used?
Please tell me the procedure of the reactivation of the old number
can i open fixed deposit on my sister's name
Weather is good!
Hi..I have an query related to my telephone service
6. Sure, please solve this issue as soon as possible. I have noted down the ticket number that you have shared with me.
Change Address
Is there any locker facility available in this branch? if yes, what documents are required for applications?
I think I can find you a good pair.
Certainly, sir; please take a seat.
How can I delete a bill scheduled for Standing Instruction on Debit Card?
What is an Standing Instruction on Debit Card Limit?
what is my last loan payment  date.
i want my bank statement of last ten transactions
i want to change my address detail in my bank account
what is our strength
I want a new SIM card.
I want to activate hello tunes on my number
3g internet speed is not upto mark.
What is your name?
Tell me my last transaction details.
I want to activate safecustody for my number
How do I activate international roaming?
How to get a new Connection? What are the documents required?
why my account is blocked.
I do not receive any signals near my house.
What is Monthly Reducing Balance?
What is Annual Reducing Balance?
what is your date of birth
What should be done if the card is lost/stolen?
Are the customers eligible for compensation for delays beyond 7 working days?
Yes, and I will also need to buy some blank   floppy disks and CD-ROMs.
I would like to open a joint account with my wife
Can you please tell me my bill amount
Can you please tell me recharge offers
I would like to pay by card
What kind of service does it offer?
How can I know my 4G handset specification
Would you like to deposit the cheque for clearance?
How can I stop a cheque payment
How i can activate National Pension System?
I want a duplicate bill
I want to get data activated
Where does the name Vodafone come from?
i like reading books
How do I recharge my calling plans?
How can I check the status of my savings account application?
i want to stop my connection
What are the data roaming charges on International Roaming?
I am looking into it.
I want to change my sir name in my profile, how I can do that ?
I didn't find my atm pin.
I have submitted my home loan documents one month ago, still I did not get any update, can I check the status online ?
I am having network issues in my area.
Give me your phone.
My name is Chandan
This resource can come in handy.
SIM card can be blocked in case incorrect pin is entered 10 times
for such scenarios , PUK number is required
When I am dialling a number, it is responding that I have low balance.
Kindly let us know the account number  for which you had requested for debit cum atm card.
As per company policies,it takes 5 business working days to complete the request for debit cum atm card
Welcome to Watson.
I did not get e-bill from July, 2017 for my data card
What is the procedure to recharge for any mobile.
We help you to change your plan.
How can i check my check book status
Please tell me about other plans.
That's all I want to know. Thank you.
My Laptop model is T460.
Thank you for your patience.
Easy and quick recipes
what is my bill amount?
What are the data plans available?
what are you doing?
Our train stopped suddenly.
How can I change my contact information?
How are you?
I have also tested the network with another sim of your network and it happens the same with it too.
It sounds as if you need the billing department.
what are you doing?
Can you suggest me any bill plan based on my previous usages?
I’m going to do everything I can to get this resolved as soon as possible.
I forgot my login password for my bank account
Can you help me in this matter?
A lot of people prefer to this new plan.
Donald trump is current president of USA
I definitely will make sure that it gets sorted
Bill amount
How are you
Why the balance is not matching?
Customer collaboration verses contract negotiation
There is no conference facility on my phone
How to redeem my credit card points.
What services are activated on my mobile
is there is any charges for mobile alert facility
My new SIM number is activated.
I want Duplicate bill.
What is my bill cycle
what is my phone bill due date.
who is the prime minister of India?
Please tell me, how Average monthly balance is calculated for my account?
Let me teach you Hindi
What is the problem in my laptop
I needed your help to get 3G deactivated
i want to know what my latest bill is. what is the miscellaneous expenses that are added in this.
i am not at all satisfied with my current plan, please let me know if there are any better plans that suit my requirements.
Thanks for the home loan details.  I will get back to you.
I Want to change my address.
India Asia mein hai
What is name of my company
I want to pay my credit card bill.
My internet speed is very slow.
My voice keeps breaking while talking
My call gets dropped midway through my conversation
Can you please take my request to change my current bill plan
What do you think of your previous boss?
What do you ultimately want to become?
No problem. I can help you to apply for a credit card today if you like.
Who are your heroes?
Sell me this pencil
What do you look for in terms of cultured and structured?
What is the cut-off time for deposits?
When are positive ions are formed from neutral atoms?
The Gold Shopper card has a lower interest rate of 14% per annum, this card gives you 1 reward point in our rewards program for every rupee you spend.
When will I get my Idea bill?
How can I link my credit card with my Saving account ?
What are the differences between debit and credit card ?
I have lost my pen.
May i know since when you are facing this problema ?
Considering my usage of data and calls, what you will suggest which is the better plan you have which will save my money?
Is a nomination facility available for lockers?
Where were you born
I live in lucknow
Hi! My name is Nusrat Shah.
I am from Kashmir.
What are latest data offer on my number?
How may I help you?
What is the current balance outstanding on my loan
Ok I will.
I want to discontinue my services
What would you like to order.
We are friends
Please let me know about my current bill plan ?
How do I understand my bill? (Bill Explanation)
How to know my call charges?
Hi. please give me information about personal loans offered by your bank
i need to talk to your manager
how to activate a new data pack?
what is my account balance
Songs are very hard to translate
who will solve my defect ?
when is the release for build
What are the best plans for my number as per my usage
My network is not working properly today . how I can fix it?
how can I activate International calling facility?
how can i activate roaming facility?
video calling facility is not working on my number
please can you help stopping my cheque payment
please send me my credit card bill .
please update my address in your database
I want to know the current data plan
Dial *121*3# to check your recent recharges
i did not like your service
Will this be charged?
I need the breakup of my data usage and calls
i have a problem with my data plan
I want to change my current data tariff from next month
Under the summary of your DSL account, click on 'View Profile' and make requred changes on the following page.
What are the charges for a locker?
I want to port my mobile number.
I want to unsubscribe from the value added service.
Customer Care: Thank you for contacting us. Have a nice day.
Is there any per-requisites or eligibility to apply for Mobile Number Portability
What is your hobby?
My name is trama
How are you today?
Why extra amount was deducted from my account
My WECM gives Timeout. How to rectify it?
is it possible to change telecom operator
Wish you a lovely day ahead
Who is the Prime Minister of India
That is a good question, let me find out for you.
Which crop is sown on the largest area in India?
I am sorry, we made a mistake and sent the invoice to the wrong email address, which is why you did not receive it
My home address has changed
My bill amount is correct.
I am not happy with Service provided.
what to do for increasing Team's productivity?
I want to travel the whole world.
how many days will it take to change the address and confirm me back ?
I like paper arts and solving cubes.
what are your key preferences
I am unable to change my bill plan
hope u received my request to deactive my mobile as i do not need it for coming 6 months.
What is my bill due date
hope u received my request to deactive my mobile as i do not need it for coming 6 months.
I would like a rupees 5,000 spending limit.
We don't want to loose customer like you
My bill amount is incorrect
The Gold Shopper card has a lower interest rate of 14% per annum and has an interest free period of 35 days on any purchases made.
Can I get ATM card sir?
I want to know the data plan on my mobile
I can fix that for you, could I have your customer identification number
chances of flood in north bengal
I am on leave today.
I want to activate call back service for my mobile.
what are disadvantages of Airtel family plan ?
If you find it doesn’t help solve your problem, please don’t hesitate to reach me again.
If you find it doesn’t help solve your problem, please don’t hesitate to reach me again.
If you plan to continue your service, you can simply submit a new payment by logging in to your account. I have ensured it will remain active for another five days to give you extra time as well.
My wife would be coming tomorrow
We have logged a request for the discontinuity of auto-renewal on your current fixed deposit and this request will be completed in 5 business working days.
Please confirm the payee address to be incorporated on the demand draft.
What I need to do after I receive my debit card ?
I want a data plan
I receive my credit card but name on it is different.
I did not receive my demand draft yet in my office address.
Can you escalate to the 1st level escalation of request ?
Please solve my query as soon as possible, Otherwise escalate it to 1st level escalation.
Please solve my query as soon as possible, Otherwise escalate it to 2nd level escalation.
Please correct my billing dispute as soon as possible
Tell me the procedure to deactivate family plan on my mobile number
What is credit limit?
My internet service is not working since morning, kindly provide me resolution
What is my current bill plan?
How can I increase the credit limit on my credit card?
In cases where Auto Renewal or Auto Closure option is selected by the Customer
an electronic Term/Fixed Deposit Advice shall be sent to the Customer on his registered email ID updated with the Bank
Calls get dropped frequently at my area
If a Deposit holder dies and there is no nomination in force at the time of his  death, the Bank shall pay the sum due to the deceased, to his legal heirs.
My phone bill amount is incorrect.
I receive my bill after due date.
My data card is not activated yet.
My account not credited but recharge already done 1hours back
I want to check recurring deposit account balance
I want to check my current deposit account balance ending with 9890
How May I help you?
Can you please resend me my last months bill , ie August 2017.
I want to activate my DND service
What do you do in your free time?
How to apply for a demat trading account
what is my data balance.
My previous bill is having discrepancy in total call duration
I want to change my address or update my email address
Will you take us for a drive next Sunday?
I have problem with my ATM /Debit card
I want to link my Aadhar card with my mobile number
I want to leave this difficult job to her.
Total data usage in my current bill was incorrect
Some of the apples in the box were rotten.
can i know the status of my mobile
How May I assist you?
I need to activate DND for my number
i want to activate the sim
I am having very weak mobile network in my locality
I haven't received my postpaid bill via email
i didn't get my refund
i want to know recharge offers on my number .
What are the documents required for opening a Current Account of a sole proprietorship firm?
I want to drink Water
I want to know my billing amount
Need to know the process of changing billing address
Faster download of email and huge files
Do you also assist with tax issues?
How to change the ATM pin number ?
What are the subscription charges
Can I request for safe custody activation on my number for more than 6 months
I want to activate a data package on my number
I want to know about the taxes on my previous bill amount
Why I was overcharged in my bill for some international calls I did not make?
I need to change the hello tune for my phone
What is the billing cycle ?
Need my FD interest to get credited in my account annually, what to do?
We sorry for the interruption in the services
Hope this will work
Which plan will be good for me?
I want to place a standing instruction for my debit card?
My last transaction was failed.
How can I change the SIM / What do I do if I have lost the SIM?
Why my call drops frequently?
Shift from a Company owned account to an Individual owned account
How can I block marketing messages
What do I do if I have a faulty or damaged sim?
I want to set new caller tune in my phone.
How many types of roaming services are available?
How to raise a ticket with help desk
Where have you been
i do not receive monthly bills
Kindly stay on the line
operations team provides a great support during major outage
kindly re-enter your account number
Will I have a confirmation of my payment using BillPay?
What are the best practices to lower your average handle time
how can i avoid receiving unnecessary advertisement related communications from bank?
Will I receive SMS confirmation for completion of recharge?
Will I be sent a confirmation of my biller addition?
watson can speak both the language of human and machine
Do you want to change your current bill plan?
I want to get the home address updated in my bank account. What all documents are required from my end.
Bank is cut rate of interest on home loan.
How to link aadhar with phone number??
What is my data balance
I would like to teach you.
I love eating chicken.
what is the price?
who is our new president of india .
Can I stop multiple cheques at one time
He is my grandfather.
I don't was to continue with you. Please disconnect my connection.
Sun is hot, moon is cool.
how do you calculate the area of a triangle
Do you have a PAN card?
Please deactivate my sim card.
you should reaching airport well ahead before your departure time.
How can I update my billing address
How can I update my nominee
How can I change my mobile banking password
My bill amount is correct
What is my account number?
How much do you charge for it?
Hi. I would like to apply for a credit card, please.
Have you a pair a little larger?
You are very beautiful
Yes, that is quite comfortable.
How are you?
Are you 100% correct
what is my bill amount?
i mean 10 days
stop there.
May I help you?
May I speak to Fareeha Shahid, please?
Do not keep any confidential data or papers at desk
i want to speak with your line manager.
I'll solve it for you.
Explain briefly.
Where do you stay
Where are you from?
Can you please help me?
Thanks for calling.
What do you want to be when you grow old?
I am going home.
How can I help you today?
What was my bill in the month of last april?
do you have a good corporate plan
What was my bill in the month of last december?
My vodafone app is not opening.
May i know why my balance has been deducted?
How may I help you?
I want to give a good feedback for the service received on my last complaint.
what is your account number?
What do you want to achieve in life ?
When are the networks merging?
What is my name?
I am busy these days
I want to book a train ticket from Delhi to Jaipur
Please stop the payment againt this cheque no 12345
I am sorry, I don't have the information on that.
i have been to United States Twice
Please block my credit card.
I have been to United State Twice
what is procedure to activate data plan ?
What is your native place.
I paid within due date through credit card but still charge late fee in next bill why?
I am not able to login with the user name and password received from bank
I am not getting the One time password to my mobile number.
Deactivate / Activate International Usage
What are you doing?
what do you want?
Will you do me a favor
You need to change the network settings in your mobile
Can you please schedule my appointment with doctor?
Why is my Mobile Network down since morning ?
Today is a nice day
Arey yaar you already have my name, i am calling from my registered number
I lost my card, please lock it
How may I help you?
I want to change the Savings account to NRI Account?.
How to change the Bank to my nearest location branch?
Banks are closed on every saturday and sunday.
And 200 rupees will be adjusted in your bill next month Sir
My Name Is Garima.
Could I have some information?
I want to install Verse on my Android
I want to raise a request for new work station
I want to confirm my tariff change.
may i keep your call  on hold for few time?
I need a 4G sim
I did not receive the previous invoice, can you send me a duplicate one please?
What is my billing cycle?
what is your name
say something
how is your family
This is a statement of your recent transactions
What is your aadhar number?
I want to ad requirements in power distribution
You should probably apply for a house loan.
Your data balance is 625 MB
India has very bright future in telecom sector.
In which city your branch is located ?
In which country your branch is located ?
Locker is not available in your nearest branch.
I want to know my loan account guarantor name ?
I want update my mobile number in my loan account.
What is the current balance outstanding on my personal loan ?
What is the closure amount of recurring deposit account ending with 5946 ?
What is the charge of recurring deposit account closing before maturity date ?
What is my credit card bill due date for month of September  ?
Mail me how much I spend of my last 9 month and 3 weeks and 5 days on my account ending with 3246.
Scheduled my credit card bill for auto payment on 2nd day of every month with upper limit of rupees 2000.
My cheque not delivered yet.
I want hot-list my Debit card.
What are the documents required for opening a Current Account of a sole proprietorship firm?
Can an individual open a Current Account?
What will be done with the post dated cheques if I request to change the mode of repayment/ account for my loan?
What is the frequency of email statements?
Will i receive physical statements, if I register for email statements?
I want to activate international roaming pack
what is the date of transaction it is showing in bill
I have a meeting in 10 minutes.
Sir, Could you please let me know your mobile no.?
Who is your best friend?
Confirm Tariff Change
What is the joint account holder  name  and balance on the fixed deposit?
Recharge my mobile number 123456789 for Rupees 1000.
How to quickly send money to a person who is not in my beneficiary list?
Who is the nominee for my fixed deposit?
How to change mobile number for my nominee?
do you think I am fool?
Can you inform me about best offers on my number for today?
I am feeling thirsty
I am tired
you are unable to browse in the browser
Can you please send the account statement on my email id?
I WANT TO CHANGE MY PLAN
Please issue me duplicate bill
Flash Deactivation has been accepted
What is the minimum SMSes i send every month?
how can i help you?
We’re about as happy to receive your call as a flower in the sunshine
How can I change the SIM / What do I do if I have lost the SIM?
my new billing address has not been updated yet.
what is the procedure to change the language of customer care?
Can you arrange a call back.
What is a self service portal?
I got my new 4G SIM but it is still not activated
How can you collect feedback from your customers?
Say You have to purchase demand draft for Rs.20000
Please change my data plan
The warranty of my laptop is expired.
What is the time now
How to apply for getting pre-paid number
No, please, nothing else
What are the facilities in getting postpaid number
There is an issue with my internet connection
Good morning Sir, how may I help you today?
Do i need to change my SIM if i want to upgrade to 4g ?
I think you need to improve your skills in MS Excel for preparing the report.
The network is very slow now
You presented it very well in today's meeting with client
You have done a wonderful job, keep up the good work.
how can i get an educational loan
What is the procedure for it ?
No matter how big your next Credit Card purchase, go right ahead.
Press number to set the caller tune
Please tell the complain for the sim
Can you help change my tariff plan ?
I am unable to use internet
Thank you for helping me
Recharge not reflecting on my account
What are the Debit Card transaction fees if I swipe my card at Petrol pumps or Railway stations?
May I know the Current Data plan
what are the different Roaming plans available
I have paid my bill for last month. Please resume my services which were discontinued
Can I repay the Personal loan earlier?
What benefit do I get while buying a BSNL bundled handset ?
Want to know the roaming plans?
Do banks levy any service charge for use of other bank ATMs?
What is your age?
If in case I lost my ATM card, what should I do?
Is there any minimum and maximum cash withdrawal limit per day?
Does the call centre operate for 24 hours?
I want to recharge my mobile number
I want to add a new Prepaid Account
Could you please waive off these charges?
I want to convert my Prepaid service to Postpaid service
Who decides the exchange rate?
What is the procedure for cards reported lost or stolen?
I was not aware about 60 day's time frame for lodging complaint. So can I lodge the same now i.e. after 60 days? Are there any chances that I will get my money back?
Have u you ever seen an alien?
I want to order a new SIM Card
I need to close my home loan
Within how many days of giving FD creation request from an ATM , will the FD be made?
I want to activate international roaming services on my mobile.
I want to change the billing address.
You cannot eat your cake and have it too.
when will my fixed deposit be matured
Give me just a minute while I figure this out for you.
I don't know if she will go there with me.
I want to know my credit card limit
I have a lot of work to get through today.
I'm willing to help you if you want me to.
It has been raining for three days on end.
She could not come because of her illness.
Total call duration in my previous bill was wrong
for my number roaming is active or not ?
I want to update the alternate number
i am unable to browse
You can easily change the address we send your bills
What is my data balance
Scale of Operations
where am I?
How are you?
All you need to do is
I want to return my purchased product
That’s a very good choice.
Dear, Richard, On 5 November 2013, I bought a ‘stainless steel ladies watch with crystals’ (item no. 30045251777) from your eBay seller store, ‘glamgifts’.
We have not received order receipt processed files.
I want to deactivate my caller tune
How IBM can help the Government in the initiative of Smarter Cities.
I do understand the inconvenience you have faced
I want to change my data plan
I am not able to browse internet in my mobile phone.
I want to know about weekly data plan
what is EMI.
I want 28 days data plan
my address is wrong
Please see the attached photo of the broken watch, and a copy of my PayPal receipt.
My bill amount is incorrect. Please re validate the bill.
what is the process to take loan.
I am not able to use the in built data balance from my plan.
how many days will take to issue a new cheque book
Can I plan get the detailed bill for this month?
What can I help you with?
Generate bank statemt for last 6 months on request.
Please enter below details.
I need detailed account summary of my account.
How can i port my number to a different region within the same network.
i want duplicate bill
I will work from home today
what domain you are working on now ?
Will my data be carried onto next month if i have not used my entire data of this month ?
Total amount in my current bill is wrong
IF ANY RECHARGE FAILED THAN WHAT TO DO?
Total data usage in my current bill is wrong
I can't put up with that noise any longer.
i want to change my calls plan
I have ordered a draft but it has not yet reached destination
I am getting the message that you do not have any account
I want to give nomination for my account
Total data usage in my previous bill was wrong
I want to know about NRI schemes
I have defined my PPF account but it is still not visible
How do I register for SMS alert
I need to deactivate DND service on my number
I want to do third Party transfer
I lost my credit card.
I would like to recharge my cell number
Please deactivate my number as it is stolen .
Hello, How are you ? How can I help you today?
Can an NRI sell the shares / convertible debentures purchased within the same settlement cycle?
I am an NRI. In which account can I deposit the cash?
i have a problem
how can i help you
Do I have to fill in a separate registration form for XYZ Bank Bill Payment?
What if I cross credit limit on my credit card?
Do I need to register my new Chip and PIN card for 3D Secure for online transactions?
Can I obtain a refund of the value on the Delhi Metro Transit Chip?
Thank you for the help. Do I have to pay anything for this update?
What is the validity of a Priority Pass card?
What you ate in the afternoon
What you ate in the dinner yesterday
what is my ledger payment?
which is your area of interest
please dial the correct number
I want to register new caller tune for my mobile
I want new connection for my old SIM card
what is the tarif in mobile phone
What is the procedure to replace my data card
Please deactivate DND on my mobile number
What is the meaning of Debit?
I want to clear Televerification of my SIM
I want to know my billing amount
Good afternoon thank you for calling
what is the monthly rental for this plan
Please tell my credit card limit
what is the maturity date of my loan?
What is the minimum and Maximum period for which deposits are accepted by the bank?
i would like to know about my remaining money in my account
Please tell me fixed deposit balance
What is the bill amount ?
Your credit card bill is due
Can you tell me the data services activated on my mobile number.
Before an online recharge, kindly visit the Online tariff section for a detailed description.
I want to cancel my cheque.
I need to have an itemised bill
You’ll never run out of exciting experiences with the Unlimited Prepaid Packs. Enjoy unlimited data*, Unlimited local & STD calls, and free music, movies & games
Can you help change my tariff plan ?
Make a purchase of a minimum of INR 2,500
The loan period is defined as the loan tenure selected by the cardholder at the time of request.
Ashu May I see your passport please?
Here's your receipt.
you will receive your new credit card in 7 days
I want to have 24 EMIs
I want to change my plan.
What is the limit of my credit card?
U-verse Internet Pro gives you up to 3Mbps download speed and up to 1Mbps upload speed
I have to say that I've used 3Mbps U-verse in the past, and it wasn't even fast enough to support a single HD video stream. Service would lag, and the video would constantly buffer.
You're saying 3Mbps is faster than it was before?
And I'm glad to tell you that since the Highest Internet Speed available in your area is our U-verse High Speed Internet Pro, rest assured that the plan would fit your streaming needs.
I will send all the required documents in the email address
I am feeling awesome today
I want to know how many open loan are present on my credit card?
Money laundering is a process of conversion of money obtained illegally to appear to have originated from legitimate sources.
i want to close my account in this bank
please assist me to open my locker
please tell me about available recharge plans
Is there a limit on the maximum amount that I can transfer from India?
How to register for Card stolen
What is the cost to increase data limit?
my handset is not working properly
The Bill Amount of my Postpaid connection has come too high.
may i know your name
I have a query related to new connection.
yes but please be quick
what all documents are required
I want to buy a new bike
My cheque is bounced, please help me?
do you use credit card?
you are our valuable customer
what problems are you facing with our network because of which you want to port your number
my network not working properly
How does the EMI on credit card work?
we celebrated his birthday
What would you like to eat?
let me clear please
Who is the bank manager?
I want to learn.
I want to talk to yours senior
How many days would the bank require to re-credit the account for such wrong debits?
when is my bill date?
I want to link my Aadhaar card with my mobile number.
Do I have to pay for using Call Centre services?
I want to know about the new offers available for my mobile number.
How attractive our advertisements are?
How many banks' ATMs are available for withdrawal through State Bank ATM-Cum-Debit Card?
today is tuesday, i have to go home bit early , i may take half day off.
You need to pay the balance due on your number before deactivating the sim.
Can I order for a demand draft through net banking?
Is there any offer on 3 months subscription of Caller Tunes?
My Caller Tune is not working.
Do I have to pay for caller tunes activation?
Do we have any toll free number to activate the Caller Tunes?
I am waiting my SIM activation
Use any of the following to recharge your Prepaid account.
How do I know my call charges
I am very unhappy with the the sim activation services
World Hindi Day is celebrated on January 10 every year, marking the anniversary of first World Hindi Conference which was held in 1975.
how long should i wait for new sim activation ??
My debit card is blocked why
Where is my welcome kit
Why my phone bill status is still showing overdue? whereas I have already paid my bill before due date. I have the payment receipt.
I want to change my bill plan
what is the error ?
what is my data balance?
what is my bill amount.
Fill the Subscriber Enrollment Form and submit your ID & address proof documents.
How can I activate the SIM?
Collect your new SIM from the store
what are the roaming charges on my bill.
I can not receive calls on my phone.
I want to Change Owner of my Mobile bill plan
Invoice is created and sent to customer
I want to change my Address
I want to change my bill plan
I want to change my current data plan.
I have not received my Refund
What is the current balance outstanding on my loan
what is the maturity date of my loan
What is the current balance outstanding on my loan
Is there any offer with new plan?
Can I update my contact information within Online Banking?
I want to migrate my plan to some other service provider.
I want to activate international roaming on my number
how to check balance in the mobile?
I want to know the balance of my data package
i want to DEACTIVATE my 3G
what is my name?
I want to activate 3g.
Alright ,  you will receive document verification confirmation message shortly.
what is the process of IAM
Creation modification and deletion
yes and can I have some better plan in which I will get unlimited calls
What are the promotional scheme available for against my account.
what is my bill amount
For a more up dated bill of your account, you can visit our website and log in to your account.
IBM Expertise allows IBMers to reach beyond their personal networks and access the collective knowledge of IBM
and there will also be bonus data of 10GB for 3 months
Please check my 222 rupees got deducted.
I want to dance today
Thank you for holding sir.
Is there any relaxation to apply for a Credit Card without officially valid documents?
How to report Error
Please reset my ATM pin which I forgetten.
How to track the errors
I am facing network issue since last Monday. Can you please check and fix it?
What is my current Balance
I want to know my call details
I have not used my phone since last year
I apologize for the inconvenience.
Please tell me how can I get loan?
it will take two to three days to complete this.
I want to change my alternate mobile number.
you did a good job today.
Technology Expert in MSBI
How to active value added services to the new connection
What is the process of getting a locker?
What is my name
what are the steps to change PIN
Have you actually spent time for analysis ?
What is your pet name
I am unable to pay bill using my vodafone app
Why recharge amount is not reflecting in my account?
What documents are required for getting a new SIM?
Thank you for staying on the call
Have you submitted your action plan?
I am getting charged extra.
What is work allocation and critical decision making ?
what is my phone balance?
What is roaming coverage ?
the cost is too much for caller tune
please notedown request to change the ownership of this mobile number
Please discontinue my value added service
can you help?".
My bill amount is incorrect
What is the procedure of purchasing a demand draft from bank.
What is self service software?
What is self service in a restaurant?
What is a self service store?
Why is it important to provide feedback?
My bill amount is incorrect
Roaming is a general term referring to the ability for a cellular customer to automatically make and receive voice calls
what is debit card fees and charges
what is the rate of interest on short term fixed deposit?
My father is singer
We are working on security identity access management.
WHAT IS YOUR PLAN FOR TODAY.
I request to please replace my Handset as it is getting restarted often.
Why do I need a concierge?
I have transferred points from my Hand-picked Rewards programme to my airline frequent flyer account but I can't get the booking I want. Can I transfer them back?
I am not getting any alerts on my number.
How should I make my booking to avail of these privileges?
What's the matter?
I never feel fresh.
When Exam is near the students study all the day sitting at one place.
You will get well without a doctor in no time.
What is my Bill amount?
if a bill is presented for a payable amount higher than the Standing Instruction on Debit Card Limit it will not be processed for payment.
Can you tell me the dispute in the billing?
What is my current data usage
I wish to deactivate my roaming pack.
Does your bank has locker facility?
i am doing good
Will I be charged for reissuance of my credit card?
Why am I being charged a surcharge for railway ticket booking?
How do I register a Standing Instruction for my credit card payment?
How would the EMI be billed on my credit card?
What is the procedure to add/register a Payee/Biller?
How can I view details of all the Citibank products availed by me?
Update Personal / contact details
How do I re-activate my closed card?
how may I help you?
that's good
What should I do before I submit a credit card dispute?
I want to change it with Rs 499/- monthly plan
you need to take care of you first.you need to hear your conscience voice first only then you can make your dreams come true
I want to know the roaming plan offers
I wanted to chage my ATM pin.
There are 7 days in a week.
How to change plan
Can I check my savings account balance on the ATM
I want to add caller ringtone.
i want to know about new tariff plans
What social stigma does society need to get over?
January is first month of the year.
have a nice day
Please help me ASAP
What to Say to a Customer Asking to Cancel Their Subscription
What to Do When a Customer Reaches You in Error (Contacted the Wrong Company)
Your current fixed deposit is getting matured next month.
Once you will authenticate your account, I will tell you further steps required to raise the request for demand draft.
There is a network problem in my locality.
would you mind holding for 10 seconds while we search the information you've requested.
Will Fixed Deposit amount be automatically credited in my account on the maturity date?
what was he saying ?
Is there a fee for Mobile Banking
Can I pay bills through Mobile Banking
Is there a 24-hour customer service number in case I have a financial emergency
What are the new internet teriff plans.
I want to update my new phone number in my bank account.
Your internet plan is very costly. so, please tell me about any economic internet plan.
What is my bill amount.
How can I search that particular location?
Could you please tell me why bill is so high for month of August
My bills are always incorrect and when i call to your customer care center i always get the same answer.
What is the types of assets?
What is the difference between SAP MEMORY and ABAP MEMORY?
What are seps to define supplier?
is payable account or not.?
I can see you
I wish to change my billing address.
Is attestation required for the document?
No attestation is required.
Should I upload the documents online to update the billing address?
What is a Fixed deposit scheme?
How to Choose Best Fixed Deposit Plan?
I want to activate hello tunes on my number
I didn't receive my product yet
I love cash posting
i like to be on vacation twice in a year
Can you please change my 3g plan to 4g
I need a payment receipt for my payment
How can I link my bank account with PAN Card (permanent account number)
I have been working with IBM since last three and half years.
Is there anything else with which I may assist you
think before you speak
How can i check my fixed deposit balance?
This can be delivered on time but we need some inputs
Change my bill
How are you
are you able to logon to the system?
Are you interested in understanding Watson?
this password is incorrect
I want to discontinue my services for landline.
Press 9 for main menu
Please have a look at details
follow thy matserplans
I want to send recharge to my friend
I have applied for new cheque book and I want to know the status
what is my bill amount
What are the general eligibility conditions for availing a vehicle loan?
Please Change Language
How do I make the payment online?
normal people use proverbs while talking
what is the difference between fixed rate and floating rate of interest?
Thank you for remaining so positive.
My bill plan is so costly
If I were in your position, I would feel just as you do.
Please open a case on behalf of me.
do we have the balance transfer option for personal loan
is there are zero balance account in your bank
Do I have to deposit in advance some cash.
what is my nick name ?
How to pay my bill
Hello, I am Good.
Are you coming to office today
Form where can I get the monthly loan statement ?
how to increase the credit limit for my credit card
good morning.
please drop your message here
I have paid access amount
I want to change my bill plan
rate of interest has increased from my loan
May I place your call on hold while i fetch this information for you?
What is your name?
How can i withdraw my Fixed Deposit amount
Never make friends with people who are above or below you in status. Such friendships will never give you any happiness.
Can I get a single Bill for my both numbers
how should i encash the demand draft ?
please tell me my port in status
Can you tell me the remaining balance in my account
I request you to deliver my next bill in the updated address
I want to increase the credit limit of my credit card
he is a liar
How much money can I withdraw in one shot from my account?
World investment report is published by whom?
I want to open a bank account
Please explain about the fixed deposit scheme in your bank
I am facing this issue since morning.
i want my money back
Do you here my voice
Do you know we are supporting BHE Acount
In my current plan, what is the roaming charge?
How can I change my email id?
nice to meet you.
Can you tell me full amount recharge offers?
Can I keep cash also in my locker?
4G connection is not working on my smart phone.
My Internet is working very slow.
As I can see there is a charge of 500 rupees for rental
kids are very cute
today i am available at home, so we can meet at my home.
What is your name?
how are you ?
Please change my address details in bill
Please change my postpaid plan to prepaid
would you like to have some coffee.
I want locker in bank please tell me process for this
what are the charges to open locker in bank
how to upgrade system
how to update cell phone
What are the various modes through which I can make my payment?
If my usage is between 1GB & 2GB, should I take a 1GB Plan & pay the rest as PayGo?
What are the mandatory fields in a invoice?
What is the difference between Consigner and Consignee?
I need my FD certificate /Receipt
Explain about Accounts Payable.
what about the SWEEP command in AP?
How much is my bill amount?
How soon will I receive my Fixed Deposit receipt?
You would require to submit a copy of PAN card.
No attestation is required.
Do I have to come to a hearing?
I wish to update my billing address.
I wish to update my billing address.
So who does pay for the service?
I wish to renew my FD
You would require to submit a copy of PAN card.
You can change the billing address online.
I need to change my Bank account details?
What is the CVV number?
What are The Different Types of Fixed Deposits?
What is a Fixed deposit scheme?
What are the various modes through which I can make my payment?
I was communicated an interest of 8% however, I have not received the same.
What is trade Finance ?
We respect your feedback
Does Bajaj Finance offer multiple interest payout options at maturity?
Great . thanks.
Can I redeem my FD before the original term?
Whether all deposit holder need to sign while opening and closing deposits ?
Can I pay my credit card bill through an ATM?
Do Senior citizens get any extra benefit on the Fds?
I have forgotten my credit card User ID. How can I get it?
When can my Mobile Banking request be invalid?
For DDs to beneficiary address returned undelivered by courier, the draft will be cancelled and credited to your account.
We work hard so that we may pass
What do Viruses, Trojans, and Other Malware Actually Do?
Will I Get Caught If I Download a Movie on BitTorrent?
Do I Really Need to Care About My Privacy Online?
How do I subscribe for International Roaming?
i want to suspend my account temporarily
What is Windows?
Who is the legend of computer world?
Show me the account statement.
will you have some water?
How to download and setup app?
Tap yes, once it aks for ‘Ignore Battery Optimization’.
I want more 3G data, how can I get it.
You can tap the video icon on the bottom left to place a video call.
I'll be glad to help you. May I please get your Bank Account number and the Name on the Account?
is there any plan cheaper than the one mentioned
Kindly deactivate my other service of mobile
How to search in excel
Our train stopped suddenly.
do you practice meditation?
How to request for new Debit/Credit card?
how to get rid of acne?
could you explain to me some monthly prepaid plans?
what is my bill generation date.
I have incorrect billing issue
How many states does India have? And which is the smallest and the largest?
My head is paining
All members present in the meeting room are welcome.
I would like to know the remaining balance in my account.
I want to change my SIM number
I want to change my Home Address
what are the current offers in prepaid plan?
I am not able to make outgoing calls while in roaming.
What is my Credit Limit
Could you please take a message? Please tell her that Sudip from accounting called about Mr. Smit’s expense reports.
How to apply for personal loan ?
I want to know my due date for bill payment
I need recent transaction details
Through the customer call, Call center executive holds the call with customer permission however he or she disconnects the call when they do not have a proper resolution
How to block my credit card
How may I help you?
You have entered wrong password
I want to enquire about housing loan ?
Hello I need a housing Loan.. can you please share the details?
your account balance is low
Good lesson
I want to change my bill plan
i want to deactivate my sim.
what is my credit card bill amount?
What kind of account?
What is Quantum Optima/ auto-sweep/ linked FD?
What is the range of tenure for which I can open a FD account?
Is there any auto renewal facility available on Fds?
What are nomination facilities available on FDs?
What will happen if I enter incorrect mobile number?
Is there any limit on amount of Prepaid Mobile recharge?
What will be the increase in talk-time limit?
What do I do if I forget my mShop Name in future?
Documents required for SIM Exchange?
What is Safe Custody?
For how long can I avail of Safe custody and what are the charges
Does the add-on card have a separate credit limit?
What should I do if I don't recognize a transaction on my statement?
What should I do if I lose my card or it is stolen?
What is a Credit Limit?
How can I view the status of my previous orders?
How can I cancel the order I have placed?
Can Reward Points be redeemed towards items to be delivered to others?
Can I have a separate username and password for using the online rewards redemption and for accessing credit card account?
What is Balance Transfer on EMI (BT on EMI)?
What is Balance Transfer on EMI (BT on EMI)?
Can I book BT on EMI on my other SBI Card?
What are the plans available for BT on EMI?
How can I book Flexipay?
Can I book BT on EMI on my Add-on card?
How and when would the Flexipay installment be billed?
What do I do if I have finished my unlimited pack, my speed has reduced and I want the speed once again?
Are there any processing charges for booking Encash?
he read this book yesterday
where are you going
Your dog barks a lot
how to activate deactivate value added services
What is the due date of my bank credit card?
I like to have potato bread with butter dollop on it in the breakfast
I love eating fried vegetables in rainy season
If I subscribe to multiple services, will I receive multiple bills?
Can I change my email address?
What is my Telephone bill amount for the last month August?
I want to change my PIN.
I am not feeling well.
What is my bill amount
I want to work on HANA implementation project.
I want to change the tariff for my mobile number.
Birat played very well today
For account closing, you need to submit an application stating the reason.
What is 4G?
What does the report summary say?
I want to activate international roaming on my number .
How many sms are remaining in my pack?
Can you plan so that I get a home loan seamlessly within 2 days?
Will you charge me to use another bank’s ATM
Could you please confirm my billing cycle.
What is the status of my Return Request?
why my account is on hold?
I want you to send the hard copy of bill to my resedential address
How i can get my bank statement for past one year?
I am not able to receive calls
An additional offer!
procedure to get bill delivered
Suggest me a plan according to my usage.
when the bill can be delivered
please change my billing address
What do you mean by Mobile Number Portability?
Have a good day ahead.
I want to change my profile details.
The pin is 123456. Kindly make a note of it
What are the international call rates?
I have forgotten the pin for my ATM card
Can I switch from current pre-paid subscription to post-paid with new Mobile operator
what is due date of my credit card ?
I am facing issue with mobile number portability.
Will my mobile number stop working during Porting process
Is there any service disruption during porting the mobile number
How do I know the current status of Porting request
i want use the looker account,
Not within Blood relation - From company 'X' to company 'Y' - Visit the nearest airtel relationship center with Proof of Address,
No objection letter from you, Your Proof of Identity, One Passport size Photograph, Subscriber Enrolment Form and PAN card/Form 60.
I want to activate/deactivate SMS pack
To add / remove SMS booster packs in your current bill plan, click on Plan & Services after logging on airtel.
i want to know the eligibility for home loan.
I want to understand my current usage charges
How do I make a loan application?
Please note:Call Divert will not work on STD number.Call Divert will not work on BSNL and MTNL number.Call divert is not possible from Barred number.
Kindly block my ATM card as I lost it.
How to Raise a Complaint ?
What is the current balance outstanding on my loan
Where is my Debit Card?
I am helping watson to learn hindi
Please enter the correct number
My transaction has failed.
Can you please give me a few minutes?
What are the charges for selling on Amazon?
How do I list my products on Amazon?
How do I manage my orders on Amazon?
Where can I get Amazon branded packaging material?
How can I spend my Rewards balance?
Do my rewards expire?
Is there a fee to register for the Program?
Will I get charged for listing products on Flipkart?
How do I list my products on Flipkart?
Can I get help for development of catalog?
How does a catalog partner help me?
Would I get compensation if the customer has replaced the original product with a different item?
I want to know my bill cycle
I have incorrect billing issue
Is roamin plan activated on my number
when my credit limit can be increased
How do I revise billing cycle
I want to change my bill plan
What happens to customer's prepaid balance when customer moves to postpaid via national MNP?
What is 4G in mobile
Is Bank responsible for the refusal by any Merchant Establishment (ME) or Point Of Sales to accept or honour the card?
it is very easy to learn hindi
what documents are required to open a bank account?
Can you please provide the better data plan availabe on my mobile
What are the documents required for home loan
Never download any freeware /shareware software from internet; these software could be illegal and /or pirated and can sabotage systems and network.
I had paid my bill twice by mistake.
you are wearing a nice tie
Ensure incidents are reported !
I changed my mobile network from one network to another through mobile number portability (MNP). When I enter my mobile number, my old operator details are displayed. Will my recharge be successful?
I would like a Rs 50,000 spending limit.
We will be sending you a new bill or your email.
How do I reconnect my no after expiry of Safe Custody?
Demand drafts are orders of payment by a bank to another bank
What is my address?
My bag is too heavy.
Are joint accounts eligible for the placing a request for FDs through the ATM channel?
How will nomination details of the customer be captured?
How to calculate the tax for current year
I love my children
Are customers charged for any transaction at ATMs?
my name is akhilesh
How shall the customer keep his/her ATM/WLA transaction secure?
Is there any pre-requisites / eligibilities to apply for Mobile Number Portability (MNP)?
Mobile banking is a method of using one's mobile phone to conduct banking transactions
Shift from a Company owned account to an Individual owned account
I want to activate VAS on my number
i want to open a recurring deposit account
We should always  respect our elders.
If I don't have sufficient balance in my account and the Standing Instruction  does not go through, will I be charged?
what amount was mention in your bill ?
What is my outstanding balance?
Can you let me know the best price plan for around 5 GB data consume for a month
I want register for and Ebill
How to pay credit card bill by net banking?
to call our costumer executive press star
thank for your help and support
great people
Thanks for be online.
In case of wrong transaction on my credit card, what should I do?
I need the bill explanation
How much should I deposit?
What should one do if he forgets PIN or the card is sucked in by the ATM?
world is so beautiful.
Have a good Day !
How may I help you?
Call me after reaching home.
What should I do if the Contactless POS machine is not available at the merchant outlet?
I want to stop my cheque payment
my name is samiksha
Scientists love their laboratory
How is your wife?
That was my mistake
my credit card is lost
Where are you from?
My last month bill is very high
I want to be Happy when I grow old.
What are new and good plans for data
I need a duplicate bill
how to search for an order ?
are there offers on this item ?
Please share your order number
I want to give a very good feedback for the service received on my last complaint.
could you please send me the internet settings suitable for my phone model
Please deactivate national roaming pack on my phone
Please activate international roaming pack on my phone
my health is not good
service is stopped
Recharge Offers
how to connect to the server
I want to order demand draft on my friend name
I did not receive my demand draft yet
What is the charges to convert my credit card spends to  EMI
What is the process for closing my data connection?
Set standing instruction for my insurance bills from my account ending with 8634
Hello do you know about Oncor?
Please, Submit my request for this. Also please share me request number
"phone line gets disrupted" and I can't access the internet.
We have requested for Broadband Disconnection last month
How do i know my current data usage?
I want a statement with all the International call details and bill amount for that
Ringtone is the tone you hear when you get a call from somebody before you answer. Caller Tune is the tone which is heard by the party calling you till you answer his/her call.
Which Service providers allow custom caller tunes?
My mobile data is not working
where do you work ?
Describe the issue you are having.
I want to discontinue my plan
Can I put you on hold for a moment?
I have activated Data Service.
will be charged extra once my data balance is over ?
my data works is slow ?
let's just focus on our task first
pls send the mails to my new address.
can u reactivate my number
there are network issues every now and then at my place
How long it will take to resolve it?
day, night, water, sun, moon, anger, happy, sad, chilling out, paper, newspaper, car, motorbike, Atul, bag, bed, slippers, india,
I will surely help in resolving the issue
What are the activation charges
I don't like to fly that much. Can you tell me about the Gold shopper card?
I want to change my data package
what credit limit would you like to apply for?
We have three cards available with a $5,000 spending limit. Are you looking for reward program with your card?
I am unable to use my dongle
I am facing voice quality issue
government initiative for flood relief
I am facing Speed Related issues
Hello How are you ?
Please help me change my bill plan
I want a bill plan with maximum internet download speed
How is interest calculated in my savings account? Is it monthly/quarterly/half-yearly?
How to change my current address?
What is my Credit card bill for last 3 months?
Address update
We welcome you at our place
What is the last payment date on my loan?
What is grace period?
Do I need to pay extra charges to avail STD and ISD services on my Pre-paid connection?
Please tell me what different document required. If I change my  registered address
i require Credit Verification of my number
there is no water
I have understood your requirement.
What is my data balance
My account balance is showing wrong.
my internet is not working since many days.
Please find the document.
My address is incorrect.
VAS services has automatically updated on my number
While traveling in train mostly the network issue is happening.
Thanks for your precious time.
In football there are 11 players in each side.
My recharge is not successful
What is the processing fees charged by the bank?
my ATM card is stolen. How to block it?
Where do you find second hand phone
Is there any minimum and maximum cash withdrawal limit per day?
How to make a project report?
How to contact HR for salary slip.?
Payment has been made in account ending with*******4568
What is the meaning of 60PR
What are the New Offers?
My Billing is wrong
I want a cheque book
I want to bundle my accounts
Where is my ATM PIN?
I want to change my number
what is interest rate for home loan ?
I want to get my statement delivered at my address.
what is the interest rate for personal loan
what is my internet pack?
do you want me to explain this in another possible way?
What will be daily cash withdrawal limit
I am getting an error.
1.Its sunny outside.
When is the next train to Mandi House?
I want to discontinue using your services.
The man hit me on the head.
You are very good person.
I want to activate roaming facility on my number
I have a car.
To sanction any loan, bank needs 6 months salary statement
Hery's skills is better than Tony's.
what is the new scheme for my network ?
What will be the late fine if the bill is paid after the last day
i am unmarried girl, can i take home loan with my mother and sister ?
People of your age often have this problem.
Can I help you?
The wind carries seeds for great distances.
My SIM is not working, please help me to replace it
Please issue receipt for my Debit card
Ok. I will need you to please fill out an application form.
Yes, of course. Here is a brochure about our most popular cards.
i need to know the details of demand draft issuance  charges
i need to go for shoping
Ok. We have three cards available with a Rs. 3,00,000 spending limit. Are you looking for reward program with your card?
i want to change my data plan
i got a bounced cheque
You want to deposit money in your saving account.
she was crying in her room
My network is very slow, are there any issues with the network? Please fix it
for prepaid customers, We offer 3 G.B data at Rs 299 for 30 days validity and for postpaid customer we offer 8 GB data plan for one billing cycle
I apologize, but I need a few moments to solve this issue. Do you mind holding on for a few minutes while I look up the solution?
your service is very bad, I am not using your service.
What is the per day translation limit in my card?
Do you have a good corporate plan as per my usage
Can you provide me a copy of my last 5 bills
I need to disconnect my value added service
Reactivate internet banking
i want to pay my rent online
what are the benefits of my plan?
What are the services/facilities available at ATMs
What should do if  forgets PIN or the card is sucked in by the ATM
ATM charges
I want to open a Bank Account.
i want my Bill Delivery Status
my sametime is not working
Where do you leave?
What Cards do you currently offer in India?
Available as a mobile application and on w3
My bill amount is incorrect
What is the time interval for periodic updation of KYC?
Will I be able to view Online Statements if my account is cancelled?
Work with your manager to set skills goals, which will be part of your assessment
I want to port my phone number
my data services get eliminated so please restore them as soon as possible
thanks for calling our company have a nice day ahead
he said hello to me
Can i send hard copy to any address
You are given a data set.
Why shouldn’t you be happy with your model performance?
What happens at the end of my free trial?
it has been great chatting with you
Would you like to leave a message
IS Online Payment a safe and secure way of a Payment?
may i have your email
How can i view my Account Statements Online?
My bill amount is incorrect
Could you please deactivate my Data service?
My bill amount is incorrect
are you able to login?
we will find a solution
Lock your laptop properly.
How can I find out why my bank denied my loan application?
Please change my Residential Address
how much time is required to execute this
where is my bank
How can I change my AADHAR card address?
what is the rate of interest of recurring deposit in bank
Please stop sending me itemized bill, I am scared of my wife that she'll see my calling details.
Please change my permanent address.
the speed of the internet is very slow
What are your International roaming charges to UK/ Europe?
i want generate my PIN
what is PAN number
Internet light on my broadband modem is off
Tap on the prepaid account from the home screen to reach the account HomeScreen of your prepaid account.
Is there a family plan that I can use to pool the usage and reduce billing?
how to change A.T.M. pin number?
Can I recharge my card online?
press 1 to listen in hindi
which network you would like to port
What is the validity of my data plan
for how many days a cheque is valid
What is the procedure for mobile portability?
i need online banking services to transfer money
to repeat dial 1
now it's time to move on.
I would like to make the stop payment of a cheque issued by me. What are the extra charges for doing this stop payment ?
Please refer my ID card.
I want to deactivate Message Services
Will the new locker be opened in the main branch?
I am post-paid customer. Will I get the same credit-limit with new Mobile Operator as with my current Mobile operator?
When you insert your New Mobile SIM Card into the handset you will receive an SMS Trigger with GPRS settings
It’s blank; it won’t accept anything when I type.
What is my port out status?
I want to change my language.
I am not satisfied with your services
Prashanta is my Friend.
when will you send the technician for service?
I can certainly help you
I would feel the same in your situation, but we will sort this out
Can you check my account detail and tell me the details?
A simple way to change it will be to
customer : I want to know who is my relationship manager
How to fill cheque bounce court case.
What is my saving bank account balance?
I want to activate roaming
I want my duplicate bill.
ï»¿I am really sorry to hear that. Is there anything I can do to help you?
In which company you are working.
please Close my account
I want to complete the training
Where do you stay
Hey good news i have switched my mobile  operator , now there are no frequent  call drops and i got better deals and cheap monthly rental am so haapy
Time adherence
is it possible i can apply demand draft through net banking
i want to upgrade
Is after validity my demand draft is useless
What is my bill amount
i want this deleted
i want this plan erased
is demand draft and check are same
Please make this issue to be resolved
i want to close my second bank account
I want to know my outstanding amount.
I want to migrate from prepaid to post paid.
I want to change my Address
I want to change my data tariff
I am unable to connect to the network
Sorry i cannot help you..
Why should i help you?
i want to upgrade my current plan.
Can i withdraw this FD before the tenor expiry? If yes, what is the impact on interest?
If I require money can you give me loan against my FD, at a lower rate?
How soon will I receive my Fixed Deposit Receipt?
What is the interest amount that will be credited to my account?
If I require money can you give me loan against my FD, at a lower rate?
I need to change my Bank account details?
I need to change my Bank account details?
Scheme provided is incorrect. I had asked for cumulative however non cumulative has been given to me. Vice versa
What is the minimum amount required to open an FD with Bajaj Finance?
What is the tenure of Fixed Deposit?
How much does a demand draft cost?
What are the charges applicable on Fixed Deposit (FD) for premature closer within 7 days from the date of opening an FD?
Can I redeem my FD before the original term?
How much time will it take to update the newly opened (Fixed Deposit ) FD in online system?
I would like to open a bank account.
How do I change the status of auto renewal facility of a fixed deposit?
The DD will be cancelled and regular DD cancellation charges including our service charges will apply. The remaining amount will be refunded to you.
How do I change/modify my account details?
Can I pay for Safe Custody charges online?
How can I pay my monthly Credit Card bills?
How can I check my reward points summary?
How can I redeem my reward points through Website?
Can I redeem my reward points once my SBI Card is closed?
Can I have a separate username and password for using the online rewards redemption and for accessing credit card account?
Where can I find the list of outlets where the voucher can be used?
Can I change the billing address displayed in my account?
How can I book BT?
For how long is the gift voucher valid?
It is impossible to sustain in the market without credit sales
How to book e-tickets.?
they are objective, tangible, bottom-line results.
I want to know mu balance due in my saving account
Hello how are you ?
what is the interest rate on housing loan?
I bought a new connection yesterday. Its not activated yet. Can you please check ?
tell us about new plan
Thank you for calling Bank of Baroda?
My credit card validity has expired. How do i renew it?
My 4G connection turns into GPRS or EDGE when I am inside my house and browsing is dead slow
What is the interest on house loan
I would be glad to help you. May I please know your account number and the name on the account.
Have you ever been to America?
Do you mind waiting a few minutes?
Are you satisfied with the customer service?
How you are calculating rate of interest?
I have not recieved my refund
should I buy MI Phone ?
Should I buy HTC Phone? As their build quality and hardware is brilliant.
Should I go for better camera and large display in phone ?
Kindly confirm the city name for new billing address.
Kindly provide the building name, flat no. and other details of new billing address.
I requested for a new personalized cheque book but I received a general checque book, please help.
where can i find IFSC code on my cheque book?
How can I get tax rebate on my fixed deposit
Can I break a Fixed Deposit before maturity?
will i get interest if I break my fixed deposit in between tenure?
I want to check  my mobile bile status
why my data service is not activated on new SIM?
How do I recharge my prepaid number
Hindi has been influenced and enriched by Turkish, Arabic, Persian, English and Dravidian (ancient South India) languages
The first book believed to be published in Hindi was Prem Sagar. The book was published by Lalloo Lal and depicted tales of Krishna
I want to live
Your bill amount, how much are you expecting?
Yes.Your updated bill amount is Rs 100.
You will get 50 GB Data for rs 500/-Do you wish to update this plan?This plan is exclusively for you and it is valid for updatation in next, half an hour only.
how can i order a demand draft?
I’m going to do my very best to help you
My future plan ruined by your betrayal
Who will help me with Service Applications?
good work for social promotional scheme should start from school
how to deactivate roaming?
My internet is intermittently working
what is my bill amount
we can not share our customer details
voice quality is bad
what is Promotional Scheme?
whay my bills not received
what is Network Down?
why my balance deducted
what is System Error?
what is Reactivation?
what is Change Owner?
how can i get data card
I want a cheque book
What are the details of my loan account
I have paid last month loan amount , please let me know the Loan Balance
how to deactivate sim
what is Change in Address?
i am not going to recharge your phone very early
how to check status of bill on mail
how to copy caller tune
what is Service SMS?
how to activate Service SMS
what is Credit Category?
how to check port in status
how to check status of Message Services
how to make Video Call
what are the charges of Video Call
what is Customer Promotion Change?
How do I check my unbilled amount?
Why is interest charge levied when I paid my credit card dues on time?
What is Over Credit Limit charge and how is it calculated?
How do I register to receive payment alerts for my credit card account?
When will the payment be credited to my utility account?
How can I stop receiving marketing emails from Citibank?
Hello, Mam
What should be done if the card is lost/stolen?
i want a New Connection
Recharge my DTH for 200/-
i want to stop my car loan
i want my installment alerts on email
my phone is heating up
screen of my phone is broke
Do you sleep with your sheets tucked in or out?
What all kind of data that can be saved using Mobile Phone Backup service?
When is the late payment fee charged on credit card?
Can I have the details of this plan ?
How can I register to Mobile Phone Backup service using my GPRS capability phone?
Can I have the explanation of this bill ?
How do I schedule a conference?
What is your qualification?
sorry for the inconvience
I want to change my data plan
What movie quotes do you use on a regular basis?
How can I change my plan
I want to apply for internet banking on my account.
I am getting some exiting postpaid offers from other telecom partners. Do you have any special offer me?
What is the current balance outstanding on my loan?
A simplest one is a burn-up chart which is an alternative to burn-down chart that is more intuitive to use especially in cases where the scope changes frequently.
I want to work on HANA implementation project.
what is the Maturity Value of fixed deposit?
He is a lier
How i can recharge my phone?
Thanks for the information.
I want to change my bill plan .
Could you please let us know the duration of the Surgery?
what is the  Outstanding amount of my credit account ?
I do not want to continue the internet pack on my number .
your presence is mandatory.
how can i top up of  my loan account ?
you might have to take the next available flight
My new address is as follows.
Are you angry?
When one is trying to transform one's life, one has to go through great austerities
My telephone bill for september month seems incorrect.Please provide additional details
Can I get a single Bill for my both numbers?
What is Standing Instruction?
We are sorry for the inconvenience caused to you.
I am working in IBM India on E-net Lawson project for the security identity access management process.
Your bill amount is Rupees 500/- for the new plan.
Thank you.Your bill plan is already been changed.
The amount is corrected to RS 10,000.
Do you know?
May I open the window?
What do you like to do on weekends?
How old is your mother?
What is my calling plan
I want to know my outstanding amount
Can I get a mini statement of my recent transactions?
Have you understood my issue?
I want to link my bank account with Aadhar number
What is your order id?
I will keep ready all documents
MY Sim card is not woking
my mobile number was blocked or not working please reactivate it
when will you complete my complaints?
Text message reminders to improve questionnaire response rates.
please let us know the details about the transaction
My bill amount is incorrect
Can I redeem my reservation without cell service?
I will definitely help you
Does account credit expire?
My water bottle color is yellow.
I don't want to have fight
I want a cheque book
how to change caller tune ?
This is very effective for sure
i need details about my bill
What these charges are for?
The fax number is 5881298.
I'll be sure to send you the fax this afternoon.
I am teacher by profession.
What is EMI?
What makes of cars does  finance?What Security do I have to furnish for availing the Car Loan?
What is Inter Bank Transfer?
I am sleeping.
How many reward points do i have currently on my credit card
I can not come office today.
I am smiling.
Do not disturb me.
How many wheels are there in a car?
How can I help you today?
I am not able to get what you mean.
What are the specific privileges available to me at the Leading Hotels of the World, Ltd.?
How can I register American Express Credit Card as a biller?
What is the current balance outstanding on my loan?
Will a separate statement be generated for PLCC account?
What methods of payments are accepted for Concierge Travel / Medical / Emergency?
Can I order gifts other than those mentioned in the catalogue?
How long does it take to transfer reward points into my participating airline frequent flyer account?
When will my reward points wih ICICI Bank expire?
Which plan is better that provides unlimited data and calling at lower price?
how to start a ppf account?
Enter your registered mobile number
Where are you coming from ?
my phone is having issues with network
how to open new account in bank?
my number has not been still ported
request submitted for portability
i want to deactivate hellotune facilty for my number
My name is Sonam,I wanted to get my mailing address changed in your database.
I have forgot mine pin for ATM, how can I reset it
my bill amount is incorrect
I want to change my bill generated date
what is the amount of Deposit  for a Locker to be opened in your bank?
I want to change my email address for soft bill.
What is MNP?
I am not able to call anyone
I want to change my plan
happy birthday to you.
GPRS can be accessed only from GSM handsets
Can I port from one state / telecom-circle to other state / telecom-circle?
You can get GPRS settings on your mobile
Who are involved in Porting process?
What is the procedure to get my mobile number terminated?
Is there any pre-requisites / eligibilities to apply for Mobile Number Portability (MNP)?
How may I help you
i am not receiving good network on my phone
i am not able to hear your voice
I have some issues with my Bill
i have been charged extra money for the service
I would prefer English.
Thanks, I am noting it down.
can you mail me my details
I want to change my broadband plan
How to get the porting code?
What's my bill
Are you able to see red colour button on your system at right hand
how to open a trading account
how to close a trading account
how to change the billling cycle for my postpaid
how to decrease the credit limit for my credit card
i have a vodafone mobile connection
i work for ibm
May i have some information from you for better assistance?
can any one from your bank branch collect cheque from my home ?
Good luck to you
God bless you
Thank you for being a role model
Just go to the ''Foreign'' counter.
What are some of the places you've lived?
How old are you
I have interview today
I have completed my work
What you did
What is my account balance?
Currently locker service is not available in this branch
Happy Birth day
On Fixed deposit maturity what would be the fixed deposit amount?
Nothing is new
Nothing is new here
What is your name ?
How are you doing?
Are you able to access the Internet ?
how to check data for first time data usage?
This is some issue with my network
how to deactivate vas service?
How can I get to know about the data plan name?
Can you please give me my current bill plan information?
Tell me how can I help you?
How and when do I get paid?
what is the process to buy new connection
how to port from one network to other network?
Please discontinue my value added service
share details through email for the changed Tariff
For billing questions
this is handset related problem
total outstanding is not showing correct
We’ll throw some salmon at them and get back to you soon
i don't need unnecessary alerts
What is the self service?
How can I activate my SIM
I am from New Delhi
Please Let me know how to contact HR .
where are you from?
Mostly we remained in Punjab.
We spent a total of ten years in Okara
For how long can the Pre-paid card be used?
What is grace period?
My payment was declined.
Can I change my billing address?
How much extra should I pay for my ticket?
This is incorrect bill
How do I request for a Plan/Package change?
How can I activate national roaming on my Idea number?
Zero Coupon Bond is a bond that is sold at good discount as it has no coupon.
Do I require a special kind of handset while roaming internationally?
What are the charges for call divert?
What are the types of credit card products offered by Citibank?
What is an EMV card (Chip & PIN card)?
E-Banking is a type of banking in which we can conduct financial transactions electronically. RTGS, Credit cards, Debit cards etc come under this category.
what are the documents required for opening a bank account
Will my card be renewed automatically and when will I receive the renewed card?
My credit card has got debited for an unknown transaction - what can I do?
I'm expecting a refund from the merchant, How do I know the status of the same?
how was your day.
Please Deactivate My 3G data plan
I am unable to fetch the details
I need a new additional phone number with the same billing plan.
My number is coming not reachable
Family Plan Linking
On downloading an application where does this get saved on my handset?
How do I remove an application from my handset?
How do I pay my credit card bill?
When will I receive my Credit Card PIN?
How do I redeem my ICICI Bank Rewards?
What is the maximum and minimum limit that can be kept on credit card?
How fast is ADSL compared to normal dial-up, ISDN and DIAS connection?
How do I get the connection?
Which lounges will I get an access to? Is this applicable for domestic airports as well?
I want to convert a transaction into EMI. Will I be eligible for reward points on the transaction after conversion?
How can I view my reward points summary?
How can I submit a complaint for network coverage?
I have update my new address/ mobile number/ email ID in credit card, however, old contact details are reflecting in Payback Card. Please confirm how to update the contact details in Payback card?
What is a SIM card?
What is the procedure in case my SIM get blocked / locked?
Whatâ€™s the one food you could never bring yourself to eat?
What all is offered by the Video Conferencing Service?
My ATM pin is not working
Please issue 20 Pages check book to my account number.
Any nearest land mark
What are the interest rates for Fixed deposit?
Are you serious about your career?
Hi Good Morning , how are you today, How can I help you ?
The information in my document is false.
please disable my current plan
Why there is no proper network coverage in my area?
How do I know, whether my porting request is accepted or not?
what is the status of my complaint?
Please tell me how can I help you today.
Can I ask you some details?
stop my value added services
My Name is Name Surname
For verification purpose mam can I get   your name and date of birth.
For activating national roaming services on your phone please call on our customer care numbers
Hi, there is an offer on your mobile number. If you recharge it with 300 rupees, you will get unlimited 3G data and talktime for 3 months! Thank you!
I want to know my current data tariff.
For unique porting code please send a sms to 1901 with text PORT<mobile number)
My bill amount is incorrect
Can I get refund ?
I want to change my bill plan
The pin will be delivered to your registered address.
Please dial this number and enter this code to deactivate your roaming services. If you want to activate your roaming services, then please enter this code. Thank you!
Can I port from one state circle to other state circle
Let me know the cheque number
What is the name of the bearer on whose name the cheque is issued?
What is the procedure to port my mobile number?
Hello! May I know your good name please ?
In how much time, MNP request will be processed
what is outstanding amount of my bill ?
The connection will be transferred within 30 hours and a new SIM will be issued.
How long it will take to approve to use my credit card over the limit?
Yes, Now I remember I have activated this service last month.
I am receiving wrong messages
my engagement ring
I want to enable video call
HOW DOES SEND MULTIPLE FILE TO MULTIPLE PERSONS?
What is the status of my new data card ?
could you please tell my monthly expense
i want to resubmit my details
how can we calculate our monthly expenses
Thank you for talking to us
How do you feel about our service
i will be thankful to you
need more information
TEACHER SCOLDED ME!
What is my billing cycle
Thank you ! It was nice assisting you. Have a good day..
I need this charge reversed asap
When do I start repaying the principal amount?
Do you offer top up on existing Personal Loans?
what is the tenure available for home loan
What is my nick name ?
all of these outcomes share a common characteristic
how to reboot system
The flow of material and information from production
how to recover deleted files
what is your name?
Subscribe my e-mail for promotional scheme related to 4g plan.
I want to change my correspondence address.
What is the difference between 3G and 4G?
How can I know whether my device is 4G enabled?
Do I need to configure any special settings on my phone to use 4G?
I am from a 4G circle; will I get 4G speed if I visit a 3G circle?
My voice is not clean at the time of call.
How much is the tax amount in my bill
Is there any charges for conference call service?
When will the special balance get credit in my account?
What to do if I am having network connectivity issue?
Hello, my name is watson, how may i help you.
He is very popular
Why my bill amount has increased since last month?
What is the balance in my account?
To go back to previous menu press hash.
How do I enable international calls?
Why have you activated VAS (value added service) in my number?
I want to activate international roaming on my sim card
I want to pay my phone bil
I want to get details on refund
I want to change my billing address
PLease activate data plan.
Would you have some milk
I need an add-on credit card.
I saw a leopard last night
I want to know my credit limit
How do I avoid bank fees and charges?
How to fix the No SIM Found error ?
Goa's ocean is so blue
How will I know when my service has been transferred?
What is the process to deactivate the VAS services
I want to change my billing address
i want to update my new mobile number with my account number
Explain me the procedure to check balance of mobil
Explain me the procedure for new connection
what are the rules in hockey
what are the rules in tennis
i want to change my calling plan
thank you for your help
I gave the request to update my plan but its not changed yet. Can you please check and let me know the status?
please consult your senior regarding this ?
i want a new customized number
Could you tell us about why there is a trend to move call centres to India?
Hello, How are you?
can I know as to why 50Rs has been deducted from my account ?
what are surprise offers given by airtel?
What is airtel customer care toll free number?
I not do call so much.
i am feeling sleepy
A man is great by deeds, not by birth.
How many message can i send in one day ?
Can you let me know the my current data plan
I want a cheque book
What is latest from Oracle Corporation ?
Where is my ATM Pin?
I want to change the billing cycle of my credit card .
Please share the email address for Customer relationship manager
how much extra money i need to pay for demand draft
Need your help on demand draft process
what is maximum  validity of demand draft
i want new plan activated
is Demand draft is check ?
I am an Advance Rent Plan customer, will I get benefit of the Advance Rental Plan in new circle? If no will the excess amount is refunded?
Can I submit present location’s address proof while doing MNP to another circle?
What happens if I do not get proper network in National Roaming?
Will free call option work for conference call?
Why is the message “Midlet GETCall wants to be launched” displayed?
Can I use this PIN for cash withdrawals?
Who is your favorite athlete?
How can I block my Credit Card?
Would you rather be the best player on a horrible team or the worst player on a great team?
I want to apply for add-on credit card. To whom the add-on card will be given?
Do ICICI Bank Rewards expire?
Can I have only one User ID for all ICICI Bank relationships?
How can I activate an internet pack?
I have blocked my credit card. How can I get a replacement card?
If I lose my Priority Pass, whom should I report it to?
Who makes you laugh more than anyone?
How do I register credit card for online bill payment?
What is the credit limit of Insta credit card?
Can I close the credit card and have the fixed deposit account active?
Will autodebit get activated on my credit card automatically if I link my Savings account to my credit card?
How do I know if the â€˜ICICI Bank Credit Cards Experience' programme is applicable on my card?
Is enhancing the credit limit on card by opening new fixed deposit or by offering another fixed deposit as â€œguaranteeâ€� permitted?
The customer care called and reported that there wasn't an issue in the first place.
We will connect with you to get additional details, if required, to resolve the concern effectively.
I want to enable DND on bank related calls and SMS, Kindly help me to know the process.
I love to drive my new car
How was your day?
How can I pay my bill?
stand still and keep silent
Always use licenced anti- virus software .
What kind of clients do you work for?
How do you take care of lost calls when the phone line is busy?
Donor circle is the one from which you are transferring the connection.
Recipient Circle is the one where the connection is getting ported to.
We are glad to assist you
How can i change my mobile bill plan ?
you are the lord, surrender my self to you,kindly forgive me
Do you play any instruments? How many?
An amount of Rupees 2000 was credited from my account
lets not dissolve in problem but resolve the problem
you belong to which country?
Will my online bill look different than my paper bill?
Do you have any previous bill with you madam?
How are you?
How can I find out how many days are left in my bill cycle / usage cycle?
keep your password securely
Please give me details of more than one connection.
Kindly reset my online banking password.
I am not satisfied with your given solution
Do you have any plans for this weekend?
Please deactivate my messaging services.
I want to get my account closed.
what is my data balance?
I want a new plan
I am not able to update contact details
I want to open an account with the least amount of hassle
i want to cancel the order
Excuse me, I'm looking for the town hall.
My phone is not working properly. It is hanging everytime.
Life gives no other chance
Do not bother me when I'm doing IMPORTANT work.
I want to take car loan.
Do I need a joint account?
What is SAP BRF+
I am unable to understand anything
i want know about my account balance .
I want duplicate copy of my bill
Please provide me last four digit of your card.
what is your postal code
how i can apply for home loan ?
How do I set up my account to make managing my money easier?
That easy! If you have any other questions, you know where to find me! Many regards, K
can i open a locker even if i dont have account in your bank
Could you please explain my this month mobile bill?
i am professional
I request you to stop payment of my check 12345 issued on 6th September to Shalini Jain.
deactivate 3g services on my sim
Joe went to the store.
/what is the call rate on my current plan?
i presume i had your undivided attention
There is lots of coverage problem from last two days.
what are roaming charges for my mobile number ?
what are national SMS charges on my mobile number ?
accesibility needs to be updated
I want to Change my Mobile operator
I am out of paper for the printer.
The music is too loud for my ears.
Can I deactivate my data card for 3 months?
how much my pension loan remaining ?
I am quite ill today.
I am working from home
Sorry to keep you waiting
I want to change my bill plan .
Tell me sir, how can i help you ?
I know he is intelligent .
I did not knew about this.
May I know your good name
I want to know the benefits in my bill plan
I want to change the bill address
I want to activate DND on my number
I want to disable the caller tune on my phone
How much interest can i get on a fixed deposit?
What are sms charges in STD?
What is My Bill Plan?
Could you please give me a call back tomorrow?
How can I use the GPRS service on my Idea connection?
i want 4g speed in my phone, how to do that
i want to deactivate my sim
go to the bank
reach at the reception. Ask for the relevant form
Is my Data Secure if I outsource?
You are welcome
We are sorry for the inconvenience caused to you
Thank you for being on line. Your call has been transferred to senior. I am Ashu Bhat subject matter expert.
Have you ever been to Mumbai ?
How long does it take to get my loan sanctioned?
What should I do if my ATM or debit card PIN (Personal Identification Number) isn't working?
If I have funds, is it still worthwhile to avail a bank loan for buying a house?
What if I see an error on my pending transaction history?
When are funds available after deposit?
What does the FDIC insure?
What are the basic monthly service charges?
Why my bill is incorrect?
PLEASE SHARE ME THE DAILY USES
I want a cheque book
You study in which class
What is my bill cycle?
I want activate DND(Do Not Disturb) Service.
How to open a Fixed Deposit account in bank
what is NEFT
I dont like my manager
I tried to download an application. The process started but then froze in between. What should I do?
How do I raise a Service Request?
When is the late payment fee charged on credit card?
How can I Apply for ICICI Bank Credit Card?
Do I need a separate line for ADSL?
How do I update my Mobile number/Email address for my credit card?
How to get supplementary or additional value added services...
Do you ever talk to yourself? When and what do you say?
Where can the ICICI Bank Coral Contactless Credit Card be used?
After I posted my complaint, I received a call/message asking for my bank/credit card details, what should I do?
Whatâ€™s your favorite time of day?
Where can I find customer support phone number for network coverage problem??
How to set up a call with customer care ?
I want to change profile password.
Personalized Cheque Book will be issued free with pre-printed name of the customer/company, account no. and shall be delivered in an envelope with a welcome letter.
Where are your from?
what alternate plans do you have??
How to get rental rebate ?
How are you ?
how to get a passport
How can i stop roaming pack activated on my number?
4.I need my Pin of new credit card.
What is deadlock?
Who are the consumer representatives on the Council and how were they chosen?
Will I lose control of my account?
How does the monitoring program work?
I would rather fly in the morning.
How do I check my Bills on the Website?
How can I opt for SI (Standing Instructions) or ECS (Electronic Clearance System)?
What are the possible reasons for frequent transfer of data?
How can I change the SIM / What do I do if I have lost the SIM?
Do I need to fill new application form even if I stay with same SP?
what are the special offers on my number
How can I pay my bill?
How to get account statement in Internet banking?
when will you be available?
How many IBM branches in Delhi NCR?
How to change my the caller tune ?
I like to work with prime-minister|
can i get 100% loan to construct a house ?
She married him last month.
13.how to install apps in my phone
14. how to generate monthly bill cycle for my
What is my account number?
I have two friends
How are you
My ticket is not resolved yet.
Can you bring me that book?
I want to you use locker facility
It's been a while since your last response. Please respond within the next few minutes or this chat will be ended.
How much GST has been charged on my current bill amount
I want to change my bill plan
thank you for calling Airtel, Have a nice day
I work at IBM .
We're very sorry, but our current setup does not allow us to ship overseas at this time.
I wanted to let you know that this chat will be recorded for quality assurance purposes and for further follow-up if needed.
Good morning/afternoon/evening, and thank you for contacting our chat line.
I want an SMS alert for all my transactions above RS 2000/-.
What is the interest charged on my overdraft
may i know did i have any  activation plans  for my number
What is the changed tariff for postpaid connection?
What is your name?
I want to change my current plan.
I want to change the nominee for my account
Certainly. What is your account number, sir?
How do I track the transaction error if I have the transaction ID and reference number?
ATM issue - cash not dispense
What is the security for the loan?
What is the loan amount pending in my name
I want to know about new data plans
In what connection?
I don't feel well these days
Do you take exercise?
I don't find time.
I study all the time.
Their food does not digest properly.
Take exercise regularly either in the morning or in the evening.
which operating system are  you using in your computer
How can I reactivate my SIM card?
what is the last date to deposit the amount against my bill
i have been trying so hard to contact you guys
How can i pay my locker rent
Can i open locker in any of the branch
Please deactivate my plan
is there any other fees apart from locker rent
Can i open a locker even if I do not have a bank account
I want to register for E-BILL.
My recharge amount is incorrect
From 3-4 days I am facing network issue.When I try to make call tower is gone.
I want to pay my phone bill
Which country does this project belong to?
Are you following Agile methodology ?
network is not coming in my area
I have never outsourced, but want to give it a try. I am little apprehensive though
I am facing network related issues with my new connection.
I am in office
Which SIM is best service provider?
How can I change my plan?
i want to learn typing
I want to update my address
we should all exercise regularly
Could you please tell me the more offers in 3G
Your Balance is Very low
Could you please exceed my 3g data for more 3 months?
can i change my 3g data to 4g
good moring
Deactivate my message services
I would like to change my bill address.
I have got a incorrect bill amount.
Why you take this invoice number?
Can you please come with me.
payment option is not coming
please enter your Customer Id number in the Respective field
Can you please deactivate message service from my mobile number as I am getting lot of irrelevant messages from your company
Your plan has been updated.
Hai AIl, How are you doing today.
How do I update my mobile number from the ATM?
Can you please tell me recharge offers available on my number?
There! Does that fit better?
Very good: I will take this pair.
How to do online check-in ?
How was your day?
I love to eat Panipuri.
I am going to a library
I'm sorry but she's not in right now.
To find more relevant trainings suitable for Career growth
Managers should motivate their employees
I want to change my data plan.
Can you please help in searching this place?
Why my correct address is not being reflected?
Lets take a break
good morning
What was my bill in the month of last August?
What was my bill in the month of last november?
Your order is not found.
Enter your PIN
What are the charges of roaming in my mobile plan ?
I want to recharge
Please provide the status of  international roaming pack on my phone
Please provide your feedback.
Please provide the call charges applicable on international roaming pack.
i want to enquiry about the plans available with you
I want to know data plan
how to open a joint account ?
How can I deactivate my postpaid connection
We are very sorry for your loss, but we are bound the company policy.
Nature has been bestowed with abundant natural minerals and resources.
what is your name?
i want to migrate my account to another branch
what is the payment status?
How do I change my billing address?
How can I prove that I have made the payment?
You just wait for 5 minutes and your DD will be ready.
Could you please let me know if I will face any coverage issue with my network if I shift within Delhi NCR?
I also want to open a locker in your bank.
what is your address ?
Few days back I lost my debit card and I registered the complaint also for the same
For all other inquiries, press 0.
Can you please check the my recharge status
I have data balance but unable to surf the internet
My name is Ashu.
The current balance shown in ATM didnot match the actual balance in my account.
I am not able to register my mobile number from ATM
I did not get my welcome kit of my savings account through mail till now
I did not get my welcome kit of my loan account through mail till now
I did not receive my ATM pin
Sir, What can I do for you?
Why am I not receiving confirmation emails?
My bill plan has not been changed
why are you so serious
I have a question for you
My Laptop battery is fully charged now.
what is your address ?
That’s really good and better
I want to know data usage of my mobile number for this month
What is my interest for this month?
to know your sim activation status please enter your sim number.
I haven't got a reply yet
Please press 9 for transfer this call to available candidate
I want to end my engagement with you
what should i do to fix coverage problem?
what is Self Service Applications?
what is Roaming?
My internet speed is slow
is my payment updated?
i can hear your voice
what is the cost of the data card
how to deativate recharge offers
what is Status of Recharge?
how did you recharge last time?
what is Network?
Where is my Debit Card?  ( cust ID required )
how to deactivate DND
how to block calls
how to deactivate alerts
I am a IBMer.
WHAT DAY IS TODAY?
WHEN IS MY MEETING?
I want to activate data pack.
I would like to change my mobile network connection.
Please deposit 500 rupees.
Kindly confirm payment.
How can you block your IPIN (password) or un-register?
what is my current plan
"Traditional Term/Fixed Deposits" are Term/Fixed Deposits where interest is paid at regular intervals,
Recurring Deposit accounts can be opened for a minimum period of 6 months and in multiples of 3 months thereafter, up to a maximum of 120 months.
How do I enable International Usage on my Debit Card?
How do I change my password?
In the case of premature closure within a month, no interest shall be paid to the depositor and only his principal amount shall be returned
What do I do when I get the message "Access denied"?
Where is the nearest bank?
What does she look like?
What’s the weather like?
Would you like some coffee?
What is the frequency of email statements?
how much total EMI will be calculate on my loan.
Please go ahead with the task.
What are the charges and limits for RTGS?
Deposit Application form applicable to the same from time to time and subject to directives laid down by the RBI from time to time and all other applicable laws.
What are the charges and limits for Funds Transfers within the Bank?
Can I use my Debit Card to pay online?
The interest on Recurring Deposits will be calculated by the Bank in accordance with the policy of the Bank and as per Law or Regulation.
How safe are my requests/transactions on NetBanking?
if sufficient to cover only that one instalment will be appropriated towards the first or earliest instalment overdue;
Partial payment of instalments will not be permitted, unless provided in the product offering and agreed in writing by the Bank.
What is the process for IPIN (password) regeneration?
please sign on the back of your cheque.
Is it possible to sent a new simcard on my home address
Five hundred rupees notes are alright with me.
Can I get SMS for EMI on my credit card, If my mobile number is registered with DND?
I need to escalate my issue to your supervisor, as it is taking more time than expected.
Current bill is not display on airtel site.
please send my plan details
I will try my best to complete this task
team please update the reconciliation tracker
My migration request not clear till now
I have been charged for data plan but I am using feature phone.
I want to talk to your Supervisor
how i can upgrade my 3G sim into 4g sim ?
Please activate my roaming pack for 4 days.
choose your language
How I can register for availing Bill Pay facility?
How can i check my registered mobile number
please explain me the process to recharge my cellular prepaid.
What is the status of my recent transaction?
what is your account number?
Please tell me my account balance
why is my bill more this month.
good morning , i am calling from airtel
what is the full form of CNG
sap for telecommunication industry
customer life cycle process in a telecom industry.
I work for IBM
I want to retain my current number while transferring to other state
In which class does your brother read
How to log in system
When we have to reboot our system
I want to reset my pin
I want you to remove the late payment charges from my bill
Could you please confirm the last 5 transactions on my account?
Can I talk to your manager/supervisor?
How i can change my current address on my phone bill?
Have you any unlimited calling and internet plan?
What is my billing date
What is my bill amount.
What is my due date of invoice
do you think it will work
I am getting late payment charges
How many invoices you have received.
Why I am getting charges for caller tune. I didn't activate it.
I want to switch my location.
everyday i send at least 50 message
Hi, This is Abhas calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
India is known for tradition and culture.
i am going to change my data plan
my mobile bill is incorrect
i love this SIM
i dont like your company service
I have not received my bill
How to enable 4G network?
I want to receive my last 3 bills
I am unable to use internet
Will I be able to switch back to my old plan?
How to get the good price on second hand phones
Your phone is out of Coverage area
Where am I getting the explanation of bill?
ow you don't need to pay back the entire amount upfront when you make big Credit Card purchases
How can I activate International roaming?
Will all my incoming messages be charged while roaming in India or abroad?
Can I call Customer Care while roaming internationally?
What is the Call Wait/Call Hold feature?
What is the applicable exchange rate for my demand draft purchase?
Why has my credit card application been rejected?
How can I get a physical statement for my Credit Card?
Is existing fixed deposit accepted as â€œguaranteeâ€� for ICICI Bank Insta Credit Card?
How can I withdraw a dispute initiated on credit card?
How to update mobile number for OTP alerts on add-on card?
What are the different modes to pay credit card dues?
Am I eligible for the privileges as part of the wellness programme?
I want to apply for credit card and want to know the comparison of all the credit cards Bank is issuing. Where can I check the details of all cards?
What is a self-set limit on my credit card?
What are the benefits of this Rewards site?
Can the ICICI Bank Insta credit card be given to the Secondary account holder in case of joining Fixed Deposit account?
I 'm having problem with my laptop.
How many days prior to the due date are bills processed through Standing Instruction on Debit Card?
Why I have been charged with surcharge for fuel transaction made on card?
How can I avail benefit of Credit free period?
What is e-Welcome Kit or digitised Welcome Kit?
my network is not coming properly from last two days.
Is this family plan provided on monthly basis or yearly basis
I want to escalate my unresolved request
What is the due date to pay bill?
My bill has incorrect charges
when data pack required
port details
MMS charges
You will receive a message once the service request for auto-renewal discontinuity on your current fixed deposit will be closed.
Now kindly confirm the demand draft amount.
Please confirm the payee name to be incorporated on the demand draft.
Now I would repeat the details of the demand draft mentioned by you and would request you to confirm the same.
I did not receive  my credit card yet
Sure here it is
what is my daily trading brokerage?
Can you tell me the status of recharge?
i want to activate roaming services in my mobile.
This is the most secure way to deposit your money and you can check interest rates as per your bank.
I want to send some message to my branch
I'll wait here until my medicine is ready.
how can i change my internet plan
I want to change my network operator.
Total SMS count in my previous bill was wrong
I am unable to do fund transfer
how to activate the SIM if it is deactivated?
I want to activate DND service for my number
can i know available prepaid services
I want to change the billing address .
What is Apple ID
I wanted a demand draft of Rs. 2000 so what is the process for that .
My international roaming is not working?
What are included in Bulk Transactions?
Watch movies at own convenience
I want to change my number
What are the various tariff plans available
what is the facility for corporate users ?
How can I port my number?
I want to change my billing address.
i want to activate DND on my phone
How to apply for a locker?
What is the last payment date on my loan ?
lets go out
Show transactions from last month.
I want to activate my mobile Sim.
I did not receive the message confirmation of my recharge
As my sim card was deactivated for some reasons, now i would like to activate my sim card again.
My sim is not appropriate for my new sim
I want to check my corporate account balance.
I did not receive my debit card  pin
May i know how can i help you?
Please deactivate the active value added services
What is the due date of last payment ?
i want to port my mobile network from Tata Docomo to airtel.
How much do I owe you?
Please replace my sim card ?
Tell me what the problem is
I am impressed with your service. Thanks.
A charge came up on my bill that I didn't make
What is my bank account number?
What is my mobile bill
My Bill amount is incorrect
I need more time
Thank you Sir! Can I know if you have any other concerns?
i have lost my credit card
My net banking has been blocked after three consecutive wrong password attempt
what is the procedure to adopt the e-bill ?
I want  to change the registered address for my mobile number
Let me know if you need anything else.
How Can I submit my home loan documents online ?
I like to sleep
What is caller line identification?
I need consolidated bill for my all mobile connections
I have my number registered in DND, still I am getting unwanted calls.
I Want To Book Trunck Call
how can I manage my career?
Why has my recurring deposit  account become inactive?
can you please let me know the previous balance
how to understand client business ?
what is your name ?
Welcome to the Teleworld
what do you want to know
do you know how to complete this task
Do you know English ?
How to change my current plan?
Please share your email address.
Can you please share calling details?
Please wait on call.
How can I change my ATM PIN ?
Is there anything else I can do for you? As agreed I will post a note to our billing department regarding your payment and we will follow up with you on that by tomorrow.
What is my current plan ?
What is my last month charges ?
I want to open a locker in your bank.
Good Morning!
Tiger is a national animal of India
I need a taxi
how many lockers can i open?
I want to activate 4G services .
This is a country of Diverse languages and religion
why has my Balance Deduction taken place?
Every time i am getting more data bill.
My hair color is black.
I am resident of bihar.
how to know the status of an online transaction
Thank you for being on the line.
I want to know the validity of my existing plan
What is the best feature of your product than others
what is my bill amount
want to Port out my number due to poor service
Please raise a ticket for my user creation
why the password is not working with my username
What is current my due payment?
Please activate roaming plan on my number.
what is the fare of business class in American Express Flights from New York to New Delhi
what is my bill amount
How cloud computing will impact of IT JOBS in Future?
I want to enquiry about Transfer of Call.
Hello Watson, how are you?
My local rate cutter plan is not working properly.
i want to change my billing address, what is the process?
What is Jan Dhan Yojna IN INDIA?
My bill amount is incorrect
Which are the transactions that I can do online?
What is my contact number?
I am very punctual
How do I check my Balance?
I want to keep a caller tune
I want to port my postpaid number to prepaid
why My Mobile Number Portability request was rejected?
My bill amount is incorrect
thank you, Please tell me,how can I help you?
please change my address
I want to deactivate mobile banking service.
it was mandatory to take insurance policy to get a locker?
What do I do next?
Can I get an in-principle approval and actually avail of the loan later?
Are there any penalties?
Why my phone bill exceeds the previous value
I am going to school.
Can any pensioner draw his/her pension from bank?
I am eating food.
I want a statement of my recent transactions. Please send me that through email.
Documents required to change my bill plan
What is in your bag?
I love eating chicken with rice.
Can you tell me some other bill plans so that I can subscribe the best one for me??
Are Roaming charges applicable on my plan ?
I want Bill rework
A boy sitting next to me, is wearing boat and anchor printed shirt today. colour of the shirt is blue as the colour of deep ocean which is hiding lots and lots of secrets in itself.
I would like to know my remaining amount in my account
How to port the number ?
what exactly you want? please share that correctly
I would like to change my bill plan.
5.will come for movie today?
Stay back with me
What is my data balance?
How to check my bill summary?
Sorry for the inconvenience madam. May I have your Account Number, please.
She bent down.
Clean the room.
How many SMS I can send daily for free
What is the age limit for applying for internet connection
which operating system am i using ?
which programming language stand top of the list .
What is the colour of your shirt
Can I break a Fixed Deposit before maturity?
In case of unforeseen circumstances, the fixed deposit amount can be claimed by the nominee on maturity. This can differ depending on the mode of holding.
Hi! Welcome to Airtel customer care
What is TDS on Fixed Deposit?
Will I need to provide any referral for opening a Fixed Deposit account?
I need to change my billing address
i want a receipt of check book
My Debit Card is going to expire soon, should I apply for a new debit card?
How can I block my Debit Card?
Who teaches you English
It has been raining since morning
My complaint is still not resolved.
Kindly update your all tasks
I want to pay my bill
Hi, How can I help you?
What is my name
I live in India and I love my country
What is capital of India
What is my joining date in IBM
unable to contact the respective person
I want to know the details of my last 5 transactions
I want to activate international roaming pack
Is it mandatory to place the orders for purchase/sale of shares / convertible debentures through the Designated Bank?
I want to remove my Data plan from my number
At my area, mobile Network signals are not good? could you have any plans to establish towers nearer to that?
i have been charged incorrectly in current bill
Do I require PAN / Form 60 of the account holder to be submitted for cash deposits in NRO accounts?
i have to change my postal address
How can I help you?
Can you help change my tariff plan ?
how can i earn money
Where is my ATM PIN?
I want to change my profile password.
when will you send the technician for service?
Download speed on my phone is very slow
I need to apply for bank statement
Can I place you on the hold
Please explain in detail about 4G?
Please Wait,while we transfer your request to agent.
I need to find my path home
I want to raise cheque book request
Which location do you belong to?
please press the enter button
Hello! May I have your name please?
I want to learn new technologies.
ï»¿I am sorry, this question would be out of my expertise, but some other person from the tech support department will be able to help you
Please  Pay my Housing/vehicle loan thru ECS
My data balance is 2GB
it was nice talking to you
What are the foreclosure charges on Personal and home loan
How can I change the SIM / What do I do if I have lost the SIM?
Documents required for SIM Exchange?
how are you.
what is my tax amount on fixed deposit ?
Place standing instructions for my mobile bills
I want to open an account in your branch.
We would like to acknowledge that we are working to address your concern as soon as possible.
We were transferred back to Lahore three years ago
Hello, i have recharged my mobile number of amount 100 rs.
India is great
Data Tariff
Handset Related
Confirm Tariff Change
Caller Tune
I have bad habit
My data balance is not sufficient.
I don't want any promotional scheme.
Yes it is.
Okay Bye dear.
What's the exchange rate today?
Can I Pay my bills on the due date?
I want to check the CIBIL report. Whom should I contact?
I would like to travel to a cooler destination
What do I do in case an upgraded / new card has been assigned to me by ICICI Bank?
I want the User ID and Password for my credit card login?
How can I change the Auto Debit option in Credit Card from minimum amount due to total amount due or vice versa?
How may I Help You?
How is the Coral Contactless Credit Card more secure?
Will I be / how will I be charged for this service / number I dial from my mobile phone?
ICICI Bank Rubyx Cards
What if I made an excess payment in two different transactions for the same card number?
Hi Lisa can i get access to bank statement?
Could you please reset my password?
What is the tenure of fixed deposit to apply for credit card against fixed deposit account?
I request you to delink family plan from my connection
How do I return unwanted items?
What happens if my cheque gets delayed in the post beyond the payment due date for my credit card?
When will the customer get the credit card?
Can you send the Internet Banking password on registered e-mail ID?
I am facing coverage problem today in my area.
How I can make the payment towards my credit card EMI transactions?
I want my credit card delivery to be sent to my alternate address, what should I do?
Are all my Credit Cards eligible for redeeming points via Internet Banking?
My bill amount is mismatched with payment.
Let me email you your bill again
Hard work is a key to success
I want top-up related promotional offer.
What are the plans available on my phone number
when did you delivered my bill at my home?
why are you changing your language ?
What is fixed deposit?
what is the cost of your handset?
I want to apply for a credit card.
What are the offers you have for credit card?
I need a duplicate bill
Maturity date of fixed deposit ?
I want to check status of my recharge or balance?
I am sorry
How can I activate a Bonus card or Data pack with my available Balance?
How can I opt for SI (Standing Instructions) or ECS (Electronic Clearance System)?
What is my Credit card bill for last two months ?
Sorry, I do not remember my request number. Could you please still help?
Interest income from Fixed Deposits is fully taxable.
Can I covert my Travel Expenses in EMI on my Credit Card?
In the case of housewives or senior citizens it may be possible that their interest income in a year is more than Rs 10,000 but their Total Income is less than the minimum exempt income
The only way to make sure that no TDS is deducted by the Bank is by submitting Form 15G and Form 15H to the Bank.
it is quite a popular form of investing in India.
Alright, please tell me how can I assist you in regard to this open issue of yours.
How can I check for my EMI eligibility on credit card?
How can I add a family member in my current family plan ?
I shall definitely count my money before I leave the counter
Do you provide coverage, all across India?
i want to subscribe dialer tone
How long does a cheque take to clear?
i want detail of this plan on phone via sms
i am not able to browse internet
lotus is national flower.
How to get my address  updated for this account please tell
My SIM card is not working please help
your call has been recorded
I woke up at 06:00 AM
conference facility is not working on my number please can you help
I want to open a new savings account can you help on the same
How to request for mobile number portability
thanks for your help
please provide all detail of my bill plan
Yes. If you need funds urgently, you can avail premature withdrawal of your fixed deposit. You can either break your FD or partially withdraw it.
How may I help you?
where is the nearest store from where i can get the sim card.
What are the offers available on purchasing new handset.
What is my bill generation date?
Can i send email of documents ?
Please note my new billing address
This assignment is very big
I have all my address proof
please activate alternate number quickly
I want to change my bill plan
Please can u make it little faster
Do you know which of our credit cards you would like to apply for?
How do I opt for Itemized bill or a detailed bill?
i want to know my credit limit
Can you please send the bill through email.
Can I have the IFSC code?
Could you please send me the statement for last financial year?
What is the meaning of journal?
Please generate my debit card PIN
What is the bill number?
I am facing problem in logging into my account
i want to activate roaming on my mobile
This service is not available right now
what is my credit limit
what is the balance in my account
My bill amount is not right
With Internet Banking you can pay bills without having to wait in queues
Industry-accepted security practices along with a multi-level authentication system has been put in place to authenticate your identity when you access your Internet Banking account.
Is the interest paid on fixed deposits variable?
Internet Banking is a convenient way to do banking from the comfort of your home or office. Avoid the queue or delays and try our simple and secure Internet Banking facility.
what is 3g
As the technology for making life comfortable progressed, so did fraudulent techniques to trick credit card holders.
My mobile balance has been deducted .Please help to provide the reason.
OK can you please verify the last four digit of your social security number
Can i have your Account details
what is my Bill plan ?
I am not able to use data service active on my mobile number.Please help me with it.
Login to your Bank Internet Banking account with your User ID and password. Forgot User ID/ Password? Click here to Get User ID / Generate Password online now
can you please deactivate the messages service?
Select your Debit Card number from the list of debit cards linked to your account
what are recharge offers available now ?
Select your circle to check if 4G services are available in your city.
Could you please help to take complaint against the network problems that I am facing in my area.
I want an itemized bill for the month of September 2017 .
I am paying excess bill amount every month. Can you please check the reason behind it?
Kindly deactivate my credit card associated with my bank account.
i want to close my account
Why there is a deduction on my number
I want new cheque book
I'd like to tell you about a change of address
I want to close bank account
My mobile usage in international roaming will be limited
Ok, please activate international roaming pack for UK. Thank you.
Please tell me the process to change bill plan
what is my current bill plan.
Yes, this is Ms Janice Anderson calling. May I speak to Mr. Franks, please?
people calling me have said that my phone is most of the time not reachable. Why is it?
Please tell me some good plan having unlimited data pack.
Even though I have the sim card activated, i dont have the network.
Can you please provide the available plans?
Please start add on services on my number.
I am finding week signals of network in my building.
What time doctor will come
Do I get intimation on expiry of Safe Custody
Can I change my standing instruction in between?
we can learn a lot from watson
What is a PDP session?
How to reset my intranet password ?
i love to spend time with my friends
what is the expiry date of my sim
how are you
where are you live in?
what are the call charges on roaming
Can you please confirm your residence address?
I want to activate 3G in my phone
I need a payment receipt for my payment
i love to play football
I want to change my communication address
Is roaming pack activated on my mobile?
How can i explore new Plans and offers?
Please let me know who should I escalate this issue to?
how to apply for a home loan
What are the best plans available for prepaid
How much top up can i do for my number
Which is my Bank Branch
The data speed has reduced. Can you please check.
Thank you for sharing the required information.
Please update my billing address
Which phone number to call to activate new SIM card?
i would like to know your internet plan?
How do I change my PIN
My bill amount is incorrect.
Can i use Overdraft Services
IBMERs are best
I want to reset my pin
When was my last bill generated ?
Could you please suggest status of payment for the invoice.
How can i change my billing address?
How can I update my mobile number in my account ?
I want to update my nominee in my account .
What is my credit limit ?
i want to contact your customer care departement
Is there anything else I may assist you with?
we are next generation of india
I am not able to connect
Please change my billing address
How can i help you?
everyday i make at least 20 call
Hi, This is Kamal calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
I am not able to call any of the  STD number from my Vodafone no
i do not like this data plan
What are the types of 3G Data Cards ?
Can I get 3G services on my existing Number ?
What was my previous plan?
Will I get remote access to CCTV footage?
What is a video call?
can you please send copy of duplicate bill to my email id?
Where can I go to exchange the OHD notes?
I am an NRI/ PIO. I have only a NRE account. I do not have a NRO account. Can I deposit my cash in the NRE account?
I have emergency needs of cash in India (hospitalization, travel, lifesaving medicines) then what I should do?
What is a valid proof of identity?
Can a customer undertake RTGS/NEFT through electronic channel?
Should I go for Nokia 6 ?
These are your related query that i have found.
I would like to change my billing address.
can you activate my IBM_299 plan ?
hope you are having a good day.
please provide your bank account number
Please help me in setting up the new caller Tune !
what are the offers in this sim?
Are you a robot?
Can you help me with the stores that are open today ?
please restart it once
Are you satisfied with our service ?
There is no network coverage in our area
what are the charges for a locker?
where will i find my car?
Why my Credit card bill is showing wrong information?
Do you know how to use google map?
Yesterday I called the customer care service to complaint about the internet speed in my area.
I want to deactivate my number.
Give me sometime while I figure this out for you
My data is not working.
My internet connection speed is slow
I want to change my tariff plan
please activate multimedia services on my number .
What is your greatest strength, weakness and achievement?
What is the current plan you are using?
I am feeling hungry.
i want to activate caller tune service.
I am in a meeting. Will call you later.
sending messages. That is for Advertising purpose.
I want to change billing cycle of my credit card
I have paid my bill.
i want benefit of value added services on my number .
I want detail description of my bill.
Can I change my bill cycle ?
How can i update my nominee in my registered policy.
I want to activate roaming on my phone.
My 3G internet speed is very slow.
Be good do good.
The National Flag of India is also known as Try color
Could you please stop the caller tune service from my phone number ?
It is nice to meet you, I felt good meeting you
please unblock my account
Opening a savings account is mandatory to avail locker facility?
I would like to have a loan for constructing a house.
I am not able to do outgoing calls from my phone , could you please  check and start the service.
Could you please tell me your name.
How are you ?
I was thinking to do this on priority, but i totally forgot about it.
Think twice before you act!
my bill account is incorrect
Thank you for confirming the number
Can i exchange the currency from a bank in which i am having account
Can you deactivate my data plan for this month
The novel is very exciting.
what is the maturity date of my loan?
Please tell me the television showroom near to my home
what kind of information do you need?
My Netbanking ID password has been locked. kindly help
Charges shown in my bill is wrong.
what is the limit of my data card?
we can easily identify the person from video call
do you have any option for video call ?
why are you calling him back?
i want to stop date now
why are you stopping this data?
Please change your language if you have to stay here
Opportunities don’t happen, you create them.
I am worried about ID theft.
Nothing will work unless you do.
without my personal IDs  How do I rebuild my financial records?
Will there be enough cash?
Practice is the effort that makes winning possible
Life: A breathing spell.
Humans- not for sale
What is my data balance
Is my phone 4G compatable?
I love to learn new technology and software
why there is late payment fee in my last bill
Where is your corporate office located?
this is the thrid time i am calling you.
I want to change my bill plan
I am not able to call anyone from my number
my son name is aarav nanda
My data pack suddenly got over.
Please approve.
Will i receive physical statements, if I register for email statements?
Please promote her to next level.
what is new emergency number.
I want to convert number into post paid plan. Please provide some suitable plans from which I can choose the plan as per my requirement.
The Customer shall not raise any dispute / claim against the Bank for creating/closing a Term/Fixed Deposit/recurring deposit in the manner specified above
When all the stipulated instalments are paid by the Customer, the accumulated amount is repayable together
How do I benefit if the interest is calculated on a daily reducing balance?
My insurance premium is due next month.
How can I update my passbook
How much time will you need to complete this project?
I want to change my billing address
my bill amount is incorrect
What is the data limit on my internet pack
I am not liking it
How will I know my network complaint has been resolved?
Is there a way to get notified when mobile network is unreachable?
I have paid twice on my previous invoice. So, now please refund the remaining amount.
How can i increase my skills?
There is no outstanding balance in your account
What do you expect Watson to do for you?
How are you?
can you tell me your phone number please?
I do not want unwanted alerts on my phone, please stop it.
I want to know my outstanding balance
What are the charges for loan transfer process
How can i help you??
How to search in google.?
I have to make a complaint about an inflated cell phone bill.
This is my laptop
I want a new number from the same service provider.
When will the network problem get resolved?
I dint work properly
May I know the next level of technical support to get problem fixed?
General Details
Thank you for all your help.
I am getting things ready for you.
In the early days of colonization, many European settlers were subject to food shortages, disease, and attacks from Native Americans
Madam, apparently that is an old bill.
What should I do if my old mobile operator contacts me directly or indirectly after I make my porting request or after I have switched to my new mobile operator ?
What is your qualification?
Where are you?
The 3G service is out of my budget. Please deactivate the plan
What will be the right time to speak to you.
How may I help you today?
I am unable to pay my bill online
I am not able to hear you
my payment is not reflected in the bill.
what is my bill amount
My internet banking account is locked due to wrong credentials, what should I do?
whom do you contact in case of emergency?
Thank you for that information mam.
your complaint has been registered
May i know your concern
He is a Consultant Radiologist
Hello what is your name
Good morning madam, How can I be of service to you today?
How can I get duplicate bill?
How Can I reconnect to the same service after disconnection of services?
From where I can get the details of unpaid bills?
Why is my bill delayed?
In want to change my Caller Tune
What is my data balance
how to change my bill plan?
How long does it take to get my loan sanctioned?
How do I get a replacement of my handset and SIM
I think there is some error in the bill.
What is a Business  loan?
Where to find the IMEI number for my handset?
You can also check your bill amount by SMS
How much is my data balance
Can a personal loan be Pre-approved?
What do I do if I have lost my Debit Card
You take my request for number portability, I am sure you can do this at least
what is the expenditure?
Please Press Two
I am unable to get network on my phone and not able to make calls..can you please help me
How May I help you?
How can I check online my last three years bank statement  ?
I have forgotten my ATM PIN.
What should I do if my debit card is lost or stolen?What should I do if I notice fraudulent ATM card transactions?
What is a chip card?
What could cause a pending transaction or authorization amount to be different from my final or actual purchase amount?
How does a virtual card relate to your debit card?
What are the charges for sports related VALUE ADDED SERVICE available on my mobile?
What are the charges for mobile banking related VALUE ADDED SERVICE available on my mobile number?
please send me new cheque book
why I have not got my chequebook yet?
Keep your cheque book under lock and key.
Do not sign blank cheques, only sign cheques after all details have been completed.
You should hear from someone within the next 48 hours to let you know whether you have been approved for the card or not.
connectivity is very poor in my area
I wish to open an account with your bank.
I am unable to use internet
I have not received the complete Welcome Kit for my Savings Account. What do I do?
Whats your mother's maiden name?
How can I help you?
deactivate
What is my current data consumption?
I want to change my plans
Some problem is going on handsets these days
Thank you for sharing the details with us. Please confirm your new billing address.
i want to update you that your payment got succeed
I want study load.
May i know your mobile number and date and time of last recharge?
What is my Credit card bill for last month?
Send me my credit card statement for August for this year?
Schedule my Rent for 15th of every month.
I want to change the language.
Recharge Ankita mobile for 58 rs.
Please activate caller tune  on my number
Can you tell me best offer of the day?
my complaint status is not progressed.
what should I do to remove one mobile number from the existing family plan
I lost my sim card. Kindly block my number.
what is equation in mathematics
I need to open a new saving account
i want to know more about this program
what is the future of computers
My permanent address is incorrect.
we are facing connectivity problem. It works for few days and gets disconnected.
What is steps to activate my number outside of my country
I have trouble understanding coding
What is my credit limit of my postpaid connection
Please deactivate live news service on my mobile number
Your data balance is 99 GB.
Please, select the bill plan from the list below.
I want my cheque book in my office address
In which state your branch is located ?
I want to know my loan account number ?
Tell me and my wife's joint current account number ?
What is the due date of fixed deposit account ending with 5946 ?
What is my credit card bill for last 2 month ?
Send me mail of last month of my account statement ending with 8976 ?
Scheduled my electricity bill for auto payment for every month.
Scheduled my dth bill for auto payment for every month with upper limit of rupees 2000.
Where can I get Fixed Deposit advice from?
What information is required to use the e-monies NEFT service?
I need to correct my bill
Is there any better plan as per my usage? My requirement is more STD calls.
what is my outstanding bill amount
when my money will get doubled?
what is open network
Should I still save my receipts and itemized documentation?
If my card is suspended, can it be reinstated?
What are the part payment charges for a Home Loan?
Your customer pin number.
how do I change address for bills?
I want to change my bill plan
no one answered my query
I need to change my communication address.
How can i help you?
what is my bill plan
I dint receive my statement
How to change the bill plan
My mobile network is not working
I don't want to change my bill plan
do you have any family bill plan
How Do I make payments?
What is the current balance outstanding on my loan?
My bill amount is Rs 1000.
How can I deactivate 3g in Vodafone?
Get a New Mobile Postpaid Connection Online
How can check idea internet balance?
the weather outside is very hot today
i like listening to music
what is the invoice number?
What procedures would you follow when you speak to a customer?
Please check my account balance
I want to check my account balance for last month
May I take you on hold?
3G provide us wireless broadband services at cheaper rates
What is my data  balance
My mobile is not getting signal
could you please send me bill details
Please deactivate my international calling
I received a wrong bill. I just paid my phone bill two days ago and my payment is not reflected in the bill.
I’m going to have to consult with a colleague.
I understand how frustrating that can be—let’s see how we can work this out
What is the current usage data of my mobile for the month?
For special customers like you, I’m willing to give the first six months for free.
I am not satisfied with your services
That’s a good question. I would be more than happy to look into that for you.
India is a diverse country
I assure you I will try my best
I am facing coverage problems on your network
Please respond to my email within seven working days.
Sir, Please pay your last bill. Due date for the same is tomorrow
how may i help you
I am not able to use my mobile data
hello how are you?
what is my project or account name?
Option you chose is not correct,Please ,try again.
please activate my roaming pack
May I put you on hold for a few minutes? I will clarify this with our manager.
Would you mind holding on for a few minutes while I am checking this with our administrator?
what is my data balance ?
i want to you to check my bill for the whole year
Are you patient? Give us an example to show this
I got to learn many things in IBM
Nice to meet you
I want to change my process.
I like to read love stories.
I like the work planing of my manager
All you need to pay is the listed price plus tax.
what is the unit of electricity
beautiful day today.
I love you.
when i change my plan postpaid to prepaid i paid all my due amount and after now you send me 10 rs bill
can you please route my call to credit department
I already submitted my ID proofs for change my plan postpaid to prepaid.  You said that my id proof photo not visible and even you not to bother you that inform me.
they are dog
So if you have a FD for 3 years – banks shall deduct TDS at the end of each year.
No TDS is deductible when your total income is less than minimum amount which is taxable
what are you doing
Thank you for sharing the information.
Please activate DND service on my mobile number
Who can use this service?
It takes minimum 7 days to process your request
Is there any training process underlined for your contact center agents?
How do you take care of lost calls when the phone line is busy?
Is my Data Secure if I outsource?
Can agents multitask in free time?
I am working in telecom domain
What is my current plan?
GIVE ME BILL COPY
Please correct to my bill
What is my Credit card bill for last  one month?
By when will my issue be resolved?
May I know your good name please?
What is the last payment date on my loan
please teach me English .
i have complaint
I am not able to update password in mobile app
My internet connection is not working since yesterday.How to get it resolved
I would like to change my address in the bill.
What SMS message to be sent on 1900 ?
There are some additional booster charges in my bill which has not been approved by me.
What are the documents required to get new connection
What is the procedure to check balance?
How many days it will take for mobile number porting ?
Do I need to call customer care again ?
Please change my data plan
My phone is not working
Your voice is not audible
Today's weather is not good
I want to buy a new mobile phone from flipkart.
Can you deactivate my number as soon as possible?
I want to know why my internet is not working ?
I have to finish chapter 1 by today evening
I am not able to receive any calls due to network vulnerabilities
till now i haven't received the payment of Rs 158000 from Sandeep in my account .
DevOps is a good field.
Recharge is not reflecting on my account
send me the status of my bank account
why there is price increase
Service on prepaid is not good
What are the other charges that come with the home loan?
I have lost my sim card.
This is my postpaid mobile number
I am also using a post-paid dongle device
Can you please update my bill plan?
What is my Data Balance
what is your strategy?
Please don't abuse me
I want to replace my dongle device.
I am also getting noice while speaking on my landline phone.
My phone is not charged
I need to open a RD of Rs 10000 per month
I will teach you how to handle problems in life
What is the meaning of Credit Note?
How can I get a new pin for my ATM
How to link my aadhaar card with my Mobile Number?
What is the meaning of purchase?
I need the refund for the amount deducted last night.
what is the internet charge rates?
Can I try it on?
What time is it?
Is there a bakery near here?
Is this your book?
Whose is that?
4. I need data plan within Rs. 500?
What’s it about?
Does your family usually have dinner together?
how to get my refund ?
I have an appointment
Please tell me your address
can you please change the tariff plan for my mobile number ?
you are not audiable
I am not able to hear you properly
Where is the nearest bill payment centre ?
Can you send me your brief details ?
I have an issue with mobile network coverage in my area.
where did you do online banking from?
what is my name
complete your work now
please explain in detail.
4.which is the nearby ATM ?
thats really a great idea
there is a bag on the desk
I need to pay for my Locker
Hi This is Sharda
There are better starters than me but I’m a strong finisher.
how can I include all my family members in this plan?
Where is cash deposit Kiosk.
I got wrong credit statement for this month
Good morning! Sudip speaking. How may I help you?
Few days back I got a text message stating for Rs.399 you get 1 GB data per day for 2 months,Is this offer still valid if I recharge?
I am using computer as well as mobile
I want to activate extra 5GB data in my number
This area we don't have network at all.
Can i change plan now ?
What is the best offer as per my usage
I want to activate my data plan
what is the rate of interest for car loan
I want to change my address in record
India is a young country.
I work in Apple Garage
I want to spend time with my parents
What is my data balance
What is the calling tariff of my plan?
My Name is Ashok
Went away?
what is the date of my bill cycle?
I want to subscribe for latest alerts on recharges.
I want to deactivate GPRS service.
What is new help line number.
"Maturity Value" shall mean the amount payable to the Customer at the end of the term of the Term/Fixed Deposit subject to deduction of any tax as may be applicable.
DS liability would now be determined based on the total interest accrued for all deposits tagged to the Customers’ Unique Customer Identification ID
If more than one instalment is overdue at the time of payment, the paid instalment
How to activate alerts on my mobile number?
can you tell me  where can I get this model near to my location ?
My name is Park Jae-Sang, but, you can call me "PSY!"
can I know whom request you have activated this service and also let me know if this is chargeable?
How to check remaining STD minutes in a particular plan?
I want to stop value added services from my mobile number. Please tell me how can I do that.
What is the status of my ticket no.
Is there a minimum balance required in my overdraft account
Good day !!
How to restart system
He has a little money.
I DRIVE MY CAR
I want to know the payment I owe to your company as per your accounts
How to reboot system
How to configured a mobile phone?
What is my payment term for vendor number ********
I need to change my sim
DID HE GO TO SEE HER
Where did you go ?
I want a Data Card
i want to apply for business loan
What is the remaining Data Balance?
how can i extract the data from software ?
How to remove all the data ?
What is available tariff plan?
I want to port my number
What is the reason behind ?
I have network connectivity issue with My 3G phone.
How can i change my bill amount?
Cash was not withdrawn from the ATM.
I want the duplicate bill of my Credit Card.
where there is a will, there is a way
What is my credit card bill for the last year?
If you come here, we shall help you.
I need an alternate cheque book.
Thank you for holding the call
let's start first by verifying your account number, is that OK with you?!
Can you escalate to the 2nd level escalation of my request ?
Please correct my billing dispute as soon as possible, otherwise escalate it.
Cash not dispense from my ATM card in beleghata branch but money already debited
When I will get my money refunded which is not dispense from my ATM card
My service request is still not closed so please escalate it to next senior level
It keeps the deals flying
The India Gate, (originally called the All India War Memorial)
What are your service hours for Concierge Travel / Medical / Emergency ?
How will I know in case of any charges while using Concierge Travel / Medical / Emergency?
Who should I contact if I want to deactivate the Auto Recharge facility on my Unifare Delhi Metro Credit Card?
which type of bank account should I open
what is the procedure to make a demand draft
I want to know my data usage
I want to change my connection from prepaid to postpaid
I want to port to a different network. Please advise the process.
Which is the best data plan available and how much free data ?
I want to change my bill plan
I want my number converted to other Netwrok
Please send my bill on my email.
i want my bill on email
I want to enable ISD call feature
Could you please confirm your mobile number?
I am traveling out of country for the next 15 days. Will this connection work outside India.
From when this plan will be activated?
I have lost my phone. How to get a duplicate sim ?
I am facing connectivity problems
Hello John, thank you for calling Provide Support. How may I help you?
provide me detailed statement for last 3 months
He has never paid his bills on time
How to set up Standing Instructions?
what is the due date of my bill payment.
how many seats have been occupied?
can you suggest me a better data plan ?
How much would be the monthly bill for my new plan?
When is your release date of project?
Its showing me an error again and again
is this clear to you?
what is my name
I am busy, please call me later.
who is working on next sprint?
I am getting an error
What is the appraisal cycle for the current year
Today is my birthday
What you brought when you born.
what is correct way
Please write your code in the optimized way
When will you come?
Thank you so much.
The king Prithviraj Chauhan was defeated in 1192 by Muhammad Ghori, a Tajik invader from Afghanistan, who made a concerted effort to conquer northern India
Delhi (civic administration) was ranked 5th out of 21 Cities for best governance & administrative practices in India in 2014. It scored 3.6 on 10 compared to the national average of 3.3
complete the task by tomorrow
What is my outstanding balance
May i put your call on hold.
Please change address
If you want to grow your career in IBM, keep track of yourself on "Your Learning" tool
how long will it take for my new connection gets activated
Would you like to pay online.
Would you like to dance with me?
what is your complaint?
Uttar Pradesh government is a democratically elected body in India with the Governor as its constitutional head and is appointed by the President of India for a five-year term.
WHAT'S UP ??
When will I be charged late payment fees and how much?
Where are you going ?
Why you want to close your number
how can I help you
Happy Birthday.
How can I open Recurring Deposit account
who came first egg or hen ?
Please change my language to hindi
where are you from??
What is my bill Plan?
Automation works fast and easy.
Who can be a co-applicant for the loan?
I lost my card. what should I do
Can a trusted bank employee get me to deposit money to my account sitting at home?
you have an issue with the network
What i am going to eat today
Does the Points Summary display the points that I have across all my credit cards with the Bank?
whats your late night rate and roaming rate?
I want to restore my services.
Well, I have you booked on a flight that will fit your schedule.
How can I activate an internet pack?
Why am I billed for roaming even when I have not visited any roaming location in the last billing period?
I am a Zero Rent Plan customer, will I get benefit of the Zero Rental Plan in new circle?
How to place your Address change request?
How long to boil eggs?
What is my current billing cycle
have questions
Hello, this is Watson speaking. How may I be of help to you today?
May i know the usage history of my bill plan
What is the international charges on my mobile number, is there any tariff plan ?
Employee will be visit tomorrow at site to attend the call .
I want to deactivate the 3G services.
Deactivate my Roaming Pack services
I want to know my PUK number
Is there any plan where I get more on recharges?
Why am I receiving messages to link my number to aadhar?
By what time my complaints will get resolved?
Kindly answer the security questions as per the bank security policies before i check the status of your request for debit cum atm card.
As I can see the request for cheque book was raised a day ago.
As I can see the request for debit card was raised a day ago.
Sorry for the inconvenience caused to you by the delay in completing the request made for passbook.
Register a complain for my  balance deducted without notified me
I did not get last month e-bill for my mobile number ending with 3456
Thank you for telling your name and mobile number. How may I help you.
What is my bill amount.
Your Bill amount is Rs. 199.50.
What is Broadband?
What isn't covered by TDR?
Do I need a lawyer?
What if it's my word against the company?
You can change the billing address online.
How does a credit card differ from debit card?
Is attestation required for the document?
What is the difference between VISA card and MasterCard?
You can change the billing address online.
Am I eligible for a Credit Card?
I like reading novels.
What is TDS on Fixed Deposit?
Will any special rates be applicable for specific category of applicants?
What are the benefits of Fixed Deposit?
Who cannot open a Fixed Deposit account with BAJAJ FINANCE LIMITED?
Will I need to provide any referral for opening a Fixed Deposit account?
Can I open a deposit account by cash payment?
What are the various documents I need to submit for opening a Fixed Deposit account?
KYC documentation required:
What are the benefits of Fixed Deposit?
What is the tenor one can have a Fixed Deposit for?
I am unable to track my FD certificate. Please assist.
I have received my credit card recently. What is the statement generation date on my credit card?
What are the charges applicable on Fixed Deposit (FD) for premature closer within 7 days from the date of opening an FD?
In which cities Bajaj Finance offer FD facility?
What is the tenure of Fixed Deposit?
How can I change or update my communication address in my credit card account?
What is reinvestment or cumulative FD?
A Demand Draft is payable on demand
How much time will it take to update the newly opened (Fixed Deposit ) FD in online system?
What is the minimum deposit amount required for opening a FD account?
Whether all deposit holder need to sign while opening and closing deposits ?
What is the multiple in which I can open a FD account?
What is Quantum Optima/ auto-sweep/ linked FD?
What are nomination facilities available on FDs?
When can my Mobile Banking request be invalid?
What are the operators for which I can use Top-Up facility?
When my Bank Account will be debited?
How do I send my Mobile Prepaid Recharge Request?
Is there any limit on amount of Prepaid Mobile recharge?
When can my Mobile Banking request be invalid?
Shift from a Company owned account to an Individual owned account
How do I get my PUK number?
What should I do if I don't recognize a transaction on my statement?
How many points do I earn per transaction?
How can I redeem cash against the reward points?
What should I do if I don't recognize a transaction on my statement?
What should I do if I lose my card or it is stolen?
Do the Reward Points accrued on my card expire?
How many points do I earn per transaction?
what is tomorrow
any BPO or Enterprise engaged in mass outbound calls or cold calling as a part of their sales process, cannot call on a number registered as Do-not-Disturb/ Do-not-Call
What if my Debit Card is blocked (temp blocked), will the payment go through?
Can You Speak Slowly?
Can i update my billing address online?
How can i opt for auto payment
What are the existing offers for my number
We have to respect our parents and elders.
Please restart your MoDem.
Can you please send me the statement of my every month transactions to my email address?
how can i get to know about plan change?
How do i get the details of Voice/Data/SMS?
Do you want to know about our value add services
why my bill is so high
I want to change my bill plan
I require 3G service, please activate it.
can i know how to change the pin for my bank account
How can I activate my 3G service on my phone?
Do you need anything else from our side?
How to activate Do Not Disturb service in my mobile operator?
What is my postal address ?
What are the eligibility criteria to open a Basic Savings Bank Deposit Account?
How to handle disagreements or the end of a relationship between joint account holders
Varansi is a holy city
How Watson will make the change.
I am in roaming and not able to make make or receive any calls.
How to link aadhar card with PAN?
I have lost my ATM card, Please block it.
How i can find CVV number?
I want a cheque book
mango is a fruit
Sleep well as Indian army is guarding the border
how are you
what is the best mobile plan for me ?
Thanks for being on the call.
Cricket is sports of a gentleman
One should eat a heavy breakfast and a light dinner to be healthy.
For any concern, one must speak to his or her Manager, rather than talking to people who could negatively influence them.
I want to recharge my phone balance.
my bill amount is incorrect?
I work in IBM
why the amount got deducted from my account?
what is my data balance
How much is my account balance?
What is your name
What is the use of nominee?
What is my data balance?
I have not yet received my PIN for debit card. Please help.
I want to upgrade my mobile plan.
Can you please help to to know my fixed amount balance
Is my matured amount can be transferred my bank amount
What is my bill amount?
what do we have in food today
How to get a good food
who is your role model in life
why are you crying
which is favourate subject
what is your mobile number
may i have your number please
Please block my Debit card because I lost it.
Which company originally conceived and developed Bluetooth?
Would you like to know the details of these new plans?
Where are you going?
IBM has worldwide contacts
can i do online payment
what's name of your mobile app
How do i change my loan interest rate?
Payment failed but money deducted from my Bank account.
Can I cancel my port request?
Could you please transfer my call to your tech lead so that he can help me out
Could you please tell me the procedure to port my number
arthritis is a disorder
How to restart phone
Do I need separate handset to use 3G services?
What is my tariff
Currently all the providers give away free calling and data there should be something like that in your network as well.
Can i access my account information online?
how to update my contact details
Are you using computer or mobile to use internet?
Can I check balance in my savings account online?
Will it cost me to transfer money?
Please add this service to my current service
My Rate plan does not has any data plan.Please add a data plan
how to know my present bill plan and is there any better plans as i am getting huge bill amount so i want to change the plan. And I searched in the internet
I want to open an RD. How do I do it?
Need some details from my bank account
Why the TV channel package is added in my bill as a service?
can i get last ten transaction details
How to get Suitable plan for Me
Can u Please ,provide me my account balance
How can i close my account
I want to change my mobile phone plan
There is a background to the current decision of demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes. The government has taken few steps in this direction much before its November 8, 2016 announcement.
My address is incorrect
Is xerox of the documents are needed
To report lost of card or unblock card
I've lost my bank card
The bride suddenly laughed.
How long it will take to activate the SIM?
How long it will take to deactivate the SIM?
I want to check my bill amount for current month
I want to close my loan account
why there is an extra charge
You cannot withdraw the amount before maturity of your fixed deposit.
I want to suspend my connection
Where is the number of demand draft?
What I said hurt his pride.
I do not want hard bill copy to my billing address
She went to Paris to study music.
What is your good name
Happy birthday my friend
This book is older than that one.
how can I help you?
Can you help in SIM Activation?
When will you get ready to leave?
Will you have another cup of tea?
What you’re saying is that this is correct address.
Africa was once called the Dark Continent.
He is coming to see me tomorrow afternoon.
Total amount in my previous bill was incorrect
I have received my Debit card and password but unable to login
What will be your charges for a draft
I shouldn't eat food that has sugar in it.
To get you billing address changed you need to provide your new address details with a government ID proof.
Total amount in my previous bill was incorrect
I want to know my tariff.
how can i link my aadhaar card to my mobile number
i am satisfied with customer service
I did not receive my bill
Tell me my aadhar number associate with my mobile number ?
Tell me my address  associate with my mobile number ?
I want to update the communication address of my bank account
I am not able to login to my account to check my balance in website.
Can I have details of Plan where I can have more mobile data?
In which class do you read?
how many states are there India?
she has long arms and legs .
she plays tennis very well.
This is absolutely right.
What is the customer care centre number for Airtel?
I tried to reach you by phone .
We should respect our country.
How much is my balance remaining?
rain continued all day
We will go to shirdi for Sai baba darhan.
Please issue a cheque book to me
I believe in hard work.
I am working in Sandvik account.
i want to transfer money immediately
Invoice is the only channel to know what is all about charges and call details
give me a min sir let me check
Low signal strength in my area
I want to do Mobile Number Portability
I like knitting.
I am proud to be an indian
can we pay some lump some amount beforehand for a post-paid account
I have lost my mobile, so i wanted to block my SIM card
Will you go to market?
in how much time my password validly will expire
What are you thinking to build your career
I want to activate international roaming pack
How much you scored?
this request has been resolved after granting access to user
Hello, I have a problem in my Auaguard.
How do I get a re connection after disconnection?
What is my billing date ?
How much data did i use last month?
In my aquaguard the water is not flowing inside from the running tab.
where is your team going this weekend?
how can I change my bill plan
What is need to promote secularism ?
Arun works in Sandvik account.
What is my name?
enter one sentence per submission only.
Conversation between Telecom company and customer
ticket aging is increasing for this account
i have not received URN number
MY Name is Sanjay . I am staying at Gurgaon. Today is friday
I will pay the light bill tomorrow.
I want to know my mobile bill cycle period
How to activate 3G data service?
you have missed your train.
thanks for being on hold
Yesterday it rained heavily!
By when will my order be delivered?
Could you speak more slowly?
Can you let me know in which state you have your network ?
How can buy the new SIM?
Sir, you can go between 10am to 8pm.
Can you resolve my call drop issue ?
I have an earache.
Can you tell me new recharge offer for my Mobile number?
I want to change my sim as it broken and not catching network .
I want to change my data package
I am facing slow network today ?
Why roaming charges are still applied after having a roaming pack?
How can I update my AADHAAR number in my Savings account?
What is the most appropriate software for calculating in computer?
Who is the inventor of punch card?
What is ‘facebook’?
Two types of commonly used printers are?
How to update contact number in Bank Acount?
Did the Apple iPhone first become available in 2005, 2006 or 2007?
How to register to vote?
How many centimeters in an inch?
after submitting all these you form for credit card will proceed further
where are you going
Which all add on services are free.
What is the procedure to open an new Fixed Deposit account.
Do I need to give a residential address in India?
i want to activate 4G services
i want a new tariff plan
how to deactivate caller tunes?
please transfer this call to your senior
i want to restore all my deactivated services
i need to change my address in banking detail
what is charges for one SMS in roaming?
Thank you for calling IBM. My name is Ashley. How may I help you today?
Hello, Want to convert mobile purchased amount to EMI
There are 24 member in my team.
Will there be anything else that you need madam?
Be as literal in your translation as possible.
Where can I find the list of outlets where the voucher can be used?
What is points + pay option?
Where can I find the list of outlets where the voucher can be used?
Can I ask for a cheque for the BT amount?
Are there any charges associated with the reward point redemption process?
I am an Add-on card holder, can I book BT on my card?
Is the cancellation process is same for all the other bank cards?
Can I book BT on EMI on my other SBI Card?
Can you tell me the promotions going on right now.
What is the cancelation procedure for BT on EMI?
Demand draft is a mode of payment that gets cleared in any branch of the issuing branch.
You are a good teacher.
network is very slow in my vodaphone sim
What do you mean by Outbound call centre?
How do I check my Account balance?
enter the branch code for the branch at which the demand-draft is payable.
Hello, How are you ? How Can I help you today?
On availing the EMI facility the reward points if any that have been accrued on the Original transaction shall be reversed.
The rates are subject to change from time to time
What is the maximum EMI Period for my Credit Card?
The bank will pay interest as per the rates published on the website for the respective dates and tenors
The interest rate applicable for premature closure of deposits (all amount) will be lower of:
The base rate applicable for the tenure for which the deposit has been in force with the Bank
You have to then add the gross amount to your income and adjust TDS against your final tax liability.
1. What are Standing Instructions?
if your interest income from all FDs with a bank is less than Rs 10,000 in a year, the bank does not deduct any TDS.
Can I get SMS of my EMI Payment on Credit Card?
is it the right time time to take increment for me
Nice to meet you!
I want to change my previous registered address ?
How to do auto debit setup
Who is coming to lunch?
how many keys you will provide?
we should plant more trees to overcome global warming
Turn off the light, please.
how much time it will take to port my number to another service provider?
please tell me your bill number.
no, please close all service on my number.
I want to know the new tarrifs and plans of every month
It was a very hectic day for me today!
how many colors are there in indian flag ?
why I am getting extra bill for my phone
what is my billing cycle.
Can i have my payment record
how to renew existing Fixed Deposit
what is the late payment charges.
If you can do something, you can do everything.
Can you please transfer my call to your manager
This is the monsoon season.
at what time you will reach
how to enable my online account
How to call the call center.
Is there any charge in transfering amount from a bank to different back online
Who is my network service provider?
my bill amount is incorrect
I have got my Internet Banking User ID and Password; tell me what do I do?
Please update my Name in your records
Are there any Banking Alerts that I can subscribe for?
I have lost my sim card
Please activate caller tune on my no. “ jab lagawe tu lipistic”
How can I contact the Idea customer care team?
I want to change my home address for this number
Where are the main Idea Cellular offices located? Where is your corporate office located/situated?
I want to change my preffered language from English to Hindi
What is the speed in the 200 plan ?
What is the best plan for my requirements?
please tell me ISD call rates
I want to unlock my user ID
it is everyday occurrence
What is the rate of interest for home loans in your bank ?
What is calorie
I am not satisfied with your solution. I need to escalate this.
how to check my account balance
i want my plan my fix account
Please let me know the balance for my all Fixed deposits.
what is balance for my current account ?
Show the spend analysis for my account for last month.
It is ****.
I have applied for a Credit Card - would like to know the status?
You still have 84 thousand and 65 cents. Is there anything else that I could assist you with?
I have applied for a Credit Card - would like to know the status?
it will take 15 days to proceed this form  and after 15 days you will get credit card
Is there any special plan for women
I need a joint account?
Where is the head office of my Bank in India?
I want to check internet usage
I went to Goa in an airplane
Do we retain all existing numbers?
I have to deactivate my number.
I want to know my current plan and packs
I want to know about all 4G plans.
we have better plans at the moments
We are sorry for the inconvenience caused to you.
Thanks for your patience.
how was your experience with us?
I can see that your current usage on your number, is as follows.
You dont have the facility of international roaming and unlimited data usage as per the current plan.
how to port sim to airtel ?
I want to know about new offers.
I want my bill on my email.
Is there any promotional scheme going on for STD calls
what is procedure to activate my alternative number
my bill is not yet generated
I followed all of your prompts to talk to you and now you’re telling me that you won’t help me?
Please activate the Conference call facility on my mobile number.
Thanks for the information
I'm gonna get you a free modem, with Wireless capability, absolutely, free of charge!
Why you are charging late fees charges?
When my number will activate?
I want to change my postpaid plan.
My mobile is showing out of coverage
what is Family internet plan
dear card member, congratulations ! bonus reward points has been credited to your card. The rewards points will reflect in your next credit card statement
How is the track record of my car service maintained
I want to change my data plan.
What is Watson
The meeting will be held tomorrow
How do I get a new connection?
since last few days i am facing problem of internet speed
What is meant by top up
What are the latest offers on prepaid
whats the process to apply for a loan
who has been appointed as defense minister?
In addition to your Internet bank account, do you also have a traditional bank account?
I want to use mobile banking
I want to deactivate my postpaid plan
I want to link my Adhaar card to the bank account
Hello How are you?
we are always here to help you.
I need help
please schedule a call
Please schedule a change for tomorrow
How are you feeling?
I am facing problem in this model
How can i change my my email ID?
Early Goan society underwent radical change when Indo-Aryan and Dravidian migrants amalgamated with the aboriginal locals, forming the base of early Goan culture
Is there any other algorithm for this problem
In which school you study?
I want to activate the DND mode.
Delhi is located at 28.61°N 77.23°E, and lies in Northern India. It borders the Indian states of Haryana on the north, west and south and Uttar Pradesh (UP) to the east
I need to understand this
What is your phone number?
I want to understand my current usage charges
Account Balance  was deducted
Do you own a car?
I will kick you out of the room.
one of data plan is showing in my postpaid plan, which I haven't requested before, please deactivate this extra data plan from my post paid plan
"Talent first" tool helps to find you coach if you want to learn new things in your field
Do you have credit card?
I want to have a information message for every transaction
I want to know the general Details.
what do you like to have in dinner.
what are the challenges with IBM watson?
1 Why the signals are not coming in my mobile at home.
I want to deactivate 3G services
what are the recharge offers for me?
What is my current voice plan for my mobile
May i transfer your call.
I want to register for DND
5 how can I port my number
How can I apply for new credit card when the same has been blocked
today is external audit
What is your prefered location?
Where can I buy a  data card?
10what is over draft.
11 what is the procedure to get a draft from bank.
12 How to apply a car loan.
i am from delhi
Can i know something about Watson?
Service will  be temporarily down
please leave me alone
I appreciate you
My money is not refunded
How to access internet on my phone?
your feedback  is important
watch this video.
what are the fields involved in this
To get new sim what documents are required ?
can you say it again?
Can you tell me the procedure for sim replacement ?
I am a Mobile Broadband user, will my existing dongle be able to give me 4G speed?
what is last date to pay the bill?
There was serious earthquake here in the morning.
please provide information on my queries
I would want the network issue fixed soon or else I will change the my service provider
I want to know the details to aaply for gold loan
I live in the memories of her
My current data plan limits my usage to 5GB per month, I would want my data plan to be increased by another 5GB. I would like to know what are the best offers?
Customer satisfaction is your responsibilty
My India is great.
Can I change my bill date
I feel like watching movie.
Where do you get most of the decorations for your home?
What “old person” things do you do?
I am watson
Production lead time or cycle time is time that elapses from the moment a team starts actively working on a task till the moment they are done (or done-done).
Simply a number of work items that are currently in progress in the whole process.
As a stand alone measure it doesn't make that much sense but it gives a lot of insight when combined with other measures.
What to do if my balance is over?
Kindly let us know the account number  for which you had requested for passbook.
How can I get a corporate plan?
Send me area coverage for roaming free are
Where there is a will there is a way.
How can i check my debit card status?
I have a doubt that some suspicious transactions are going on with my account.
what is the pin code of your permanent address saved with the bank?
Do I have a 4g sim or 3g sim?
How can i update my net banking password?
my landline is not working
What are you doing ?
I want to Port out my number to another service provider. How do I do that?
How can I Port my existing number?
No network in my area
How can I make the payment
i request you to reset my atm pin
can you reset my atm pin
I Need The Break Down of My Bill
How are you
I am getting international call on my number without Country code.
what is my bill amount
How much data is remaining?
I want to change my current address.
Can you please tell me about the latest mobile phone.
How can I get my Internet Banking User ID for my credit card?
Can I apply for Add on card for My Spouse?
Where can I find the list of restaurants under the ICICI Bank Culinary Treats program?
Can I update separate mobile number for OTP alerts on add-on card?
What is the validity of credit card OTP/ security code?
How to apply for visa.?
What is Passport.?
please open my new saving account
My name is Swati.
can i get address of bank near to me
Bill Plan in which roaming calls are free
how can i get IFSC code of my bank
I am facing call drop problem in my area
Which one is the best data plan?
how much data I will get in this plan?
why I am getting no signal ?
I want to change my password
While on international roaming in UK Which mobile network I should select?
How to foreclose my loan?
I am getting other benefits in same amount from other operators. what schemes do you have in this?
i am facing speed issue with my number. can you please check the issue from your end.
Internet is not working in my phone
how to change bill cycle of current plan?
I have been incorrectly billed.
Can i pay credit card bill cash
This ATM doesn't work from long time
how can i upgrade my sim card
what is process to get 4g sim Card
i need to change my tariff plan
How to teach English.?
HOW TO ATTEND CALLS WHILE ON THE WAY?
How to use find option on any email.?
We have noted down your request
Port Out Status
I Request for a re-delivery for cheque book which is already delivered.
which colors of Iphone 7 is available in your store ?
do not smile
what is the interest rate per anum ?
Are the customers eligible for compensation for delays beyond 7 working days?
Where should I go after my marriage
I love to Travel
what is my roaming area ?
what is my data plan ?
what is my bill amount
my name is vishal
Let me get your bill details
Please call me
How are you?
If anyone has any questions then he or she is free to ask
What is the full-form of IBM
yes please tell me what problem you are facing
Please activate caller tune service on my mobile.
I have completed the purchase but its not showing in my account?
i want to review my study loan
kindly confirm all my tariff charges
my phone is getting switch off in every 5 minutes
How are you doing?
I want to enroll for atal pension yojana
Can you tell me different offers about home loans
Can you please update my aadhaar number with my bank account
I want to link all my savings bank accounts
Kindly pin the OTP that you will receive on your mobile, once I place your call on IVR
We are restarting services from our end, and request you to restart your mobile in sometime, and then switch to 2G services first.
Many people today don’t realize how important that is.
How many numbers can I add to my Friends & Family list?
Can you please clarify me about mobile bill
I want to change the song on my number
My debit card pin is not working, please help
Is it possible to break my fixed deposit?
what is the validity of my demand draft?
Is there any offer on 12 months subscription of Caller Tunes?
I received a less maturity amount on my deposit, why?
You can get information on Account Balance through the below options
How can i change my data plan
You can check the latest offers either on our website or get to see special offers only for you by dialing *123#.
She will be cooking food this time
We’re all squared away – your problem has been solved. Let us know if there’s anything else we can do for you! 🙂
How to know about all 4G plans
What other action has Airtel taken under Project Leap initiative?
What is the porting time for a consumer ?
I can help you with a new tower location? What should I do?
Can I port my number more than once ?
What are the benefits from MNP?
How Can i purchase Verizon products through online ?
I'm tired now.
This is the Balance deduction query
How long does it take to apply for a credit card?
Is interest rate in Fixed deposit for senior citizen is different ?
What sort of trouble?
I want to invest for 1 year , please tell me high return plans
sim activation/de-activation
I want to port my number
what is my name
I was wrongly charged
Can a DD be encashed?
can i have one connection
Please convert my prepaid number to postpaid number.
my query not resolve
I want to deposit cash to my account.
When is TDS deducted for 5 Year Tax Saving Fixed Deposit?
So thought of calling and changing the address
How much of data is consumed in the current month bill
May i talk to your manager?
I need to change my billing address starting this month.
There is very bad network connectivity at my workplace. My calls are getting dropped very quickly.
We are not giving loan for the students.
My Bill Amount is incorrect
I want to change the billing address
I would like to deactivate my Sim card connection
Here is your cash
What is the Call Wait/Call Hold feature?
Where can we find the option for Live Chat on the website?
What is my bill date
when will i get my duplicate bill
What are you the plans for today.
Please activate 4G on number
Can i get my Account Statement
My current address is changed. How can I update my address into bill?
how to activate VAS service?
Have a nice day!
Slow and steady win the race
man is mortal
Please change my language in my bill
Can you let me know the best calling plans for STD calls?
I want to talk to your Manager on unresolved request number 201.
Is it happening like this?
HOW TO REMOVE REPEATED ERROR FROM OUR DAILY WORK?
HOW TO GIVE KNOWLEDGE TO PEERS REGARDING OUR SAME ERRORS?
What if I want to change my carrier?
If we bill our employees for their overage, can you still save us money?
go to hell
Do I need a separate handset to use 2G services?
What will happen if I recharge with two Data packs on the same day?
How do I understand my bill? (Bill Explanation)
How can I pay my bill?
What is a Professional Loan?
What are the part payment charges for a Tractor Loan?
What are the part payment charges for Two Wheeler Loan?
What is the late payment penalty on a Tractor Loan?
Account has been deactivated
How can I change my postpaid plan
What are the accepted payment modes?
May I help you with anything else?
When will I receive my Credit Card PIN?
I have received my credit card recently. What is the statement generation date on my credit card?
Can I swap my mailing address from office to home or vice versa?
How do I know if my mobile number is registered with ICICI Bank?
I am facing the Call Dropping Issue on my Mobile number. Call is disconnected every time I go on call. Could you please look into this issue?
If I have funds, is it still worthwhile to avail of a bank loan for buying a house?
How does housing loan compare with those offered by other institutions?
Want to know why interest charges are levied on my credit card?
Please de-link my credit card from closed SB a/c User ID?
Can I change my PIN if I forget it?
When will the payment made through IMPS will be credited in credit card account.
Thank you, have a good day.
Can I withdraw partial fixed deposit amount?
What if the customer waves the Coral Contactless Credit card twice at the terminal? Will he/she be charged twice?
What if the customer is passing by a terminal and a contactless transaction takes place?
How will the customer know if the transaction is successful for Coral Contactless credit card?
I want to know the debit/ credit card winners list?
Will I receive a separate PIN for my Add-on cards?
How do I open my Credit Card e-statement?
My name is Watson.
You want to stop payment of a cheque you have issued
How can I activate my bill plan
I want to activate the messaging services .
What did you buy?
Could you speak English when you were five years old?
How do you do?
How to do a Video Call ?
yes you can save money by other policies like LIC
duplicate bill is issued on my number
i want to get my number roaming free
my net spped is working very low
I want to discuss with you today.
Our service executive will reach you shortly.
there are different policies for different salaried person
I want a duplicate SIM
In how many days I got the solution?
There is no network in my area
This is not my bill.
Who wrote this article?
How was the movie?
Are you the oldest amongst your brothers and sisters?
Do you stay with your parents?
I dont have nay work
What Pizza would you like to prefer today
Thank you for calling Health care
Every morning i go to jym
I just bought a car
Can I cancel my reservation for the booking I made few days ago?
airtel is having too much coverage problem
Need to deactivate caller tune service for my number
Please send this Bill on Mail address.
What is best rate cutter plan for airtel ?
I haven't received my phone bill. Please  provide the same.
I apologize for what has happened.
I want to change my shipping address.
you have not paid your dues
I stay in Hyderabad
may i help you on any other topic
may i tell you about another better plans
How We Picked the Best Individual Cellphone Plans ?
register for internet banking service is one time activity
My bank went out of business, but I need a release of my mortgage from them. What do I do?
how can i decrease my credit card limit ?
What is you name ?
Thank You for calling.
Kindly check and let me know If there is any cash deduction from my account on this date.
How I can minimize my telephone bill  ?
I want to discontinue my connection services
What is DND and how to enable it?
What are the details of my loan account ?
How can I set my minimum balance
Is there any other card in my criteria ?
i think i am getting more bill now a days
How may i help you today?
Who is the President of India?
IN WHICH ACCOUNT DO YOU WORK?
I have lost my mobile phone, what should I do?
How much time will you need to complete this project?
What is the name of my city?
What is the locking period of recurring deposit
how i can change prepaid to postpaid ?
Hi How are you? . How i can change my service postpaid to prepaid ?
I want to activate international roaming service.
we are going for tea.
i am doing fine today
What is the meaning of ‘CC’ in case of E-mail?
How to tie a Tie?
How to screenshot on MAC?
How to make pancakes?
How to make money online?
When is daylight saving time?
What does my name mean?
How to create a website?
Grab the book nearest to you, turn to page 18, and find line 4.
Before you started this survey, what were you doing?
i want to stop my internet connection
where is my debit card
What are the latest bill plans offered by you
What is my address mentioned.
Where are some unusual places you’ve been?
can i take loan from my fixed deposit ?
What’s the spiciest thing you’ve ever eaten?
My name is Kamal
Are there any documents required for prepayment of my home loan?
Can I get discount on my bill.
The user prefers to communicate over email.
My datacard showing 4G signals but internet speed is very much slow.
Can I increase my installment month?
How to change my internet banking password?
I want to open a joint saving account
Do not take any pain killer without having food.
Which document can serve the purpose of address proof
i have Coverage Problem in my area .
Do you have option for data card for using internet
I have not received bill for the last month .
What is your name?
I want to spend 1000 Rupees.
Could you explain us the Surgical procedure?
what is bill amount of my mobile for this month?
Do you know any account holder here?
Ok. Thank you, have a good day.
I will call you back after 5 minutes.
hi how are you
today it is very hectic
i am working from india location
Can you please explain my tariff details?
Does your monitor have a power indicator?
It’s the thing with the screen on it that looks like a TV. Does it have a little light that tells you when its on ?
I want to convert my number from prepaid to postpaid.
I want to convert my number from postpaid to prepaid.
I want to know about my port in status.
is there other way to pay bill?
I want to activate GPRS service.
Where do you work?
Where do you live?
Lets play cricket today.
Why is this line not clear
I did not activate this value added service
You will need to fill up the following forms and submit it to your locker branch.
What is your mobile number?
I live in faridabad
Can you please give me the details of all the available 4g plans
Can you please give me the complaint number.
How can I change my ATM PIN number?
This task is so complex
could you manage this on my behalf
trust is the only way to make the progress in this area
Will there be anything else that you need madam?
My mobile network is giving a lot of disturbance
Tell me 3 things you remember about kindergarten.
What would you do if you were invisible for a day?
Whatâ€™s one choice you really regret?
I want to add data boaster pack
why my request has not yet been resolved
Is there a simple way to check data usage?
You need to change some settings.
i want to deactivate Value added services
Where do you work
What do I do if I have finished my unlimited pack, my speed has reduced and I want the speed once again?
i gave a call regarding the network issues
Could you please confirm your mobile number ?
What is my bill amount?
We truly care about our customers getting the right product fit, so we’ll process your request for a refund right away
What is the GPRS system and settings for my mobile ?
How many days you need to resolve this issue.
I did not get your ping in chat.
There is low network in my area
I want to speak to your senior manager for my complaint.
Do your parents let you stay out late?
How to deactivate call forwarding on my number ?
How does Watson work.?
What is the credit Limit of my credit card
How to know about data plan on my number ?
How to know about text services on my number ?
What all Taxes are levied on my Credit Card EMI.
How to change talk time plan on my number ?
who are you
Why am I facing bad network coverage in my area ?
I would like to know my bill amount for this month.
I want to deactivate the data pack from my plan .
Welcome watson
would you like to give feedback on my service?
How is the tariff calculated on my basic bill amount ?
Thank you for calling. My name is Watson. How may I help you today?
10.smoking is injurious for health
I want to get my my number ported.
Come with us
Please pay my bill for Rupees 2000 for biller named Divyesh.
What are the details of my loan account?
what is the maturity date of my loan?
how much data do I get with this plan
Schedule my Rent for for 10th day of every month.
Send me savings account statement or e-statement for last 3 months for this year from April.
What is my Credit card bill for last 5 months?
Please let me know the Account Balance for account ending 3456.
what's my billing address
reissue my ATM pin
What is my account Number?
I can also shout
I need the monthly statement on my email id.
What do you mean?
What should I do then?
Yes, they look all right, I had better try them on.
can you help me my laptop is very slow?
May I know your name Please?
Can I set up Standing Instruction on Debit Card for all types of biller?
Standing Instruction on Debit Card Limit is an amount specified by you,
How can I modify the Standing Instruction on Debit Card details set for a biller
Is Family plan available in your network?
I would like to convert my spend on the card to EMIs, I would like to know the options available.
Tenure, interest rate, processing charge if any. I would also like to know if there are any offers currently on converting spend to EMIs.
I want to get my ATM card re-issue.
please enter your mobile number to avail the offer
Can you please send the bill on my mail?
My data usage is incorrect
Can you please suggest me the new roaming plans?
What is the payment procedure for the bills
Balance in my phone is low today.
How can I enable international roaming on my number
Hello, I want to take home loan from this bank. Could you please tell me which documents will require and what is the procedure?
What is a stop cheque fee?
Why Post-paid?
What are the Debit Card transaction fees if I swipe my card at Petrol pumps or Railway stations?
How to find consumer need.?
I want to escalate the unresolved issue
I want to link family plan
Your future does not depend on the lines of your hands, because people who do not have hands also have a future.
I want to place standing instructions of Credit of funds
doubt has no cure. Or famous ancient doctor Luqman was not able to cure stupid thought.
What is my Credit card bill for current month?
What is my debit card application status?
What is my credit card application status?
What are the charges for fund transfer within same bank?
I want to know my KYC document I have submitted for my account
I want to report a fraudulent transaction.
do you want to buy a better data plan?
What is mail-money?
What is message-money?
Can I buy insurance policies with my bank account?
Do you want a statement of your recent transactions?
What the different features of credit cards?
How to link a fixed deposit account to Savings/ Current account?
Sir I have registered your complaint.
Can I change my number to postpaid
English text
What is my Bill plan?
How to apply for new debit card ?
Exceeded the time limit
I want to reactivate my old connection
when was the bill generated?
will i have to pay extra for this?
Does itemized bill also list data usage?
What is the last payment date on my personal loan?
i want to avail the locker facility. let me know the annual charges to avail the locker facility.
I want to change my loan EMI
why you want to change the service operator ?
My internet id/password is locked and i want to reset my internet id/password.
I have forgotten my security token four-digit PIN number. How do I reset my PIN number
I want to deactivate my value added services for the SMS.
Can I change my User ID
I want to know available Recharge Offers
Schedule my Rent for 10th day every month
sky is blue
When will my bill be generated
I want to check validity of my internet plan?
What are the other available plans?
How much amount am I eligible for Home loan?
Please let me know the current offers available on my number.
When i need to recharge my data card
how do I check my remaining principal amount on my home loan?
can you please provide my call details
Can you please provide me the details of interest credited in my saving account?
My name is Ravi
I want to upgrade my credit card
I want to upgrade my debit card
i want to activate my sim
Please pay through SBI COLLECT
I request you to listen and understand my points patiently.
I want to change my bill plan
If we get a negative response from the bank on your bill dispute request, then late fee will be added to your next bill.
My bill amount is incorrect
My bill amount is incorrect
My internet is not working properly.
What is my loan amount ?
Oh, okay. Let me gather some information and see if we can help.
I don’t know what it is?
That’s fantastic! Can I trade stocks and bonds?
Your account number is located at the top right hand corner of the bill statement.
May i order demand draft here
is it possible i can collect demand draft  from bank branch
How much do cheques cost?
I am running late.
Kindly submit the account closure form at your home branch (where you opened your account).
What procedure should I follow if I have not received the Welcome Letter and ATM/Debit Card PIN for my new accounts?
I’ve paid my bill using BillPay. When will my account be debited, and when will the utility service get my payment?
Please let me know if I can retain the same phone number after registering with your service
I have not made so many calls as its showing in your bill.
what is your name
I want to know about my bill plan
I want to change my address
what is SAP?
Who can register for email statements?
Sorry to bother you again
what is postal address.
please change my Email address
You are a star.
Thank you for being so quick and supportive.
Quarterly or Monthly, as requested by the Customer/s at the time of creating the Term/Fixed Deposits.
The interest rates for recurring deposits will be the same as the rate applicable for a simple Term/Fixed Deposit
The terms herein will be subject to the terms of the product offering and as agreed in writing by the Bank.
If I have two accounts and two Customer IDs, how do I know which password is for which Customer ID?
After 3 non-payments, Recurring Deposit will be closed and proceeds credited to Savings Account
I want to apply for two wheeler loan
I want to apply for a credit card
where are you going
What are the terms and conditions for Mobile Banking
What are the daily withdraw limits
I agree with you.
There is no reason why he should resign
can you please suggest me some cheaper plan
What was the amount of my last bill ?
Can you please tell me my last transaction amount ?
Your invoice payment is under process, It will be processed within this week
Why am i charged for the hello tune, when i haven't subscribed for any such plan.
why my account is overcharged in last bill?
Can you please confirm your mother's maiden name ?
what is the bill due date?
what is the procedure to change my billing address?
MY EMAIL IS INCORRECT
Please change my registered mobile number
Your inconvenience is deeply regretted.
Have you any unlimited calling and internet plan?
What is my bill amount.
I want to know my payment status
How can i rectify my bill amount.
Kindly confirm my invoice amount.
i did not receive my bill for last two months.
we have two cards which best suit your need.
how many private banks are there in India?
My Name is syed Md tausif
what is the full form of RBI?
i want to change my billing address.
I want a locker in my home branch.
Any locker is available in my home branch
What is the current balance outstanding on my education loan ending with 9682 ?
What is the total time left of my car loan ending with 9982 ?
What is the total time left of my personal loan ending with 9982 ?
Recharge my mobile number 9206118609 with 100 ruppess on every first day month.
I want to replace my debit card.
I want to upgrade my debit card
How can I avail exemption from TDS on interest earned on Fixed Deposits?
How can I use the "Funds Transfer" option at the ATM?
I am unable to use internet
How do I check my Account balance?
How to know my call charges?
i have not received my welcome kit yet
What is your name?
What is my address?
I have a query on my bill generated for this month
my bill amount is incorrect
But there is no annual fee and you receive two frequent flyer miles with Emirates airline for every dollar you spend
Can I recharge for my friends and relatives?
i will update your details as soon as possible.
How does one go about reactivating an inactive SIM card?
My bill amount is incorrect
there are only two tariff plans available for corporate employees
i am not receiving telephone bills  on my personal id
Calls to and from the numbers you add will not be unlimited until the following day.
you have billed more than what is my mobile plan
Demand drafts can only be made payable to a specified party
Who is using the best plan in mobiles
How to transfer money to other account
What are the 3G plans available?
I want to activate my value added services.
A 2005 study estimated that 31 percent of working mothers leave the workplace (for an average of 2.2 years), most often precipitated by the birth of the second child.
I have a bank account but I don’t use it – can I start using it again?
Is there any hidden charges for bank account
how to apply for a new bank passbook
how may i help you ?
In which all state your network is available ?
We have registered your complaint
Whom can I contact for billing related questions?
What are call management services?
Can I use the call conference service on my connection?
What is call diverting?
Can I claim for costs involved in making my complaint?
How do I start the complaint process?
Is in built free usage applicable in international roaming?
Please provide Tips on optimizing your mobile internet usage?
What do I do if I have a faulty or damaged sim?
Does this apply to prepaid and postpaid both?
I have a multiple numbers on the same account, but only 1 number will move to new location, till what time NMNP number's bill will stay with my account?
I am an Advance Rent Plan customer, will I get benefit of the Advance Rental Plan in new circle? If no will the excess amount is refunded?
Will I get same bill cycle as earlier in new location?
Twenty two dishes
How do I inquire about transaction details?
What is a Transfer Cheque?
Do I need to furnish any security to get a Gold loan?
Do I need to furnish any security to get a business loan?
I want to change my SIM number
press 1 to repeat.
Yes Sir, how may I help you?
Please activate prealert service on my number
How to track the data usage of my family members?
He likes to click photos
I am really satisfied with the services provided
how can I get Housing loan?
Surely sir I would help you, please confirm your mobile number first
Bank charges may apply
I want my cheque book.
ATM discrepancy
How repo rate decrease will effect my loan emi ?
What are the charges I have to pay to change the mode of repayment/ account for my loan?
What is IFSC? How is it different from the MICR code?
How can I be sure about which Mobile Internet Plan/ Pack is good for me
What are the charges for using GPRS internationally?
However my account is still showing that there is some more balance which i need to pay, how is that?
Can you please recheck my last month bill?
what is the minimum amount to open a savings account?
I want to block my ATM.
I am working as sales lead
You can simply make a payment
How do i activate dnd on my number.
What is my recharge validity.
I want to change billing address
What steps would you take before approving an invoice for payment?
What items of information do you need before you can approve an invoice for payment?
What is debit and credit from the customer point of view ?
What is a IFA?
where is big bazar in delhi
Which documents are required to update billing address.
What is the process to claim a FD if the customer is no more?
I am unable to track my FD certificate. Please assist.
Is there a financial limit to the complaints TDR can deal with?
No attestation is required.
My billing address is not correct, I need to change it.
What if TDR can't help?
Which documents are required to update billing address.
What is Co-Branded Credit Card?
How to change billing address?
What is the difference between VISA card and MasterCard?
Can I redeem my FD before the original term?
What is Co-Branded Credit Card?
What is the CVV number?
Do I need a new user ID and password to access the new retail Internet Banking website?
I am still seeing my old Internet Banking logged in section. Is there a problem?
What is the min. / max. amount I can invest?
Can I open a deposit account by cash payment?
What are the various documents I need to submit for opening a Fixed Deposit account?
What is the min/max tenor I can choose?
Guest are recognized as God in India
send me recent trans stmt
when did india got independence?
can you detail my current plan. i need to change it.
Have you visited your branch in the last year?
I recreate myself; that is my only power.
what is your age?
What is Saving account
I would like to create my family plan for all the phone connections, can you help?
How can I set standing instructions for my bill payment?
While withdrawing cash from ATM, I received less amount. Please help me on the same.
What is nationalty
How does EMI on credit card works
how to convert credit card payment to emi
What is the status of my complain ?My request no is SR12345
What’s the best way to pay household bills through bank
Can I transfer my net data to my family members?
due to weak network your call is dropped
What is remaining balance in my account?
Can I get 3G services on a trial basis?
What are the different documents required for the new 3G connection?
how to change my billing address
what document proofs are required to change the billing address
How far is Agra to Kolkata
how do you come to office
How can I get a Voice VPN service?
How’s the risk coverage with an FD?
where did you found this card
On what address your number is registered?
I wish to update my billing address.
where are you coming from?
Can you tell me the status of my last recharge?
Customer: No issue
The box he found was empty.
i want to open a recurring deposit for 5000 Rupees every month
Some services have been activated without my permission. Please cancel them.
You need to send a message to 121 to activate the SIM.
Its been 1 week and still I have not received the cheque book.
TD Canada Implementation on cloud
what is my current bill amount
Would like to know about my pre-approved personal loan eligibility
The money will be refunded to the bank account in 3 days.
The transaction number is 123456789
She gladly accepted his proposal.
what is the fixed deposit interest rate of your bank
I need to deactivate a ring tone
If I’m understanding you correctly…
What was his motive for doing it?
A man like that gets on my nerves.
I want to activate mobile banking
Thanks for waiting this out.
i have to order a demand draft
He is always here between 5 and 6 o'clock.
He went outside for a breath of fresh air.
I don't know how to operate this computer.
Will the credit limit be different for both the Jet Airwards credit card?
How can I foreclose or prepay my loan on credit card?
What are credit card Usage Guidelines?
How do I embark on my chosen experience?
SHE IS VERY BEATIFUL.
Do you have any charges on registering for alerts facility on credit card?
Which cards are these privileges applicable on?
That is a good thing.
Does Standing Instruction on Debit Card work on all Accounts?
What are the details of the family plan?
My STD rate cutter plan is not working properly.
what the minimum time in which your cab reach at the pick up point
what are the active add on services on the plan.
what is the easiest way to recharge this phone without going to shop
Why the user gets locked again and again without logging in to the server
What are the charges for calling UAE ?
Activation is subject to submission of valid documents and successful verification of customer as required by TRAI.
i want to change my bill plan
i want to change my bill plan
what is my bill amount
I do not have an Internet Banking User ID, how can I obtain one?
What is my bill amount
How are you ?
I want to change my bill plan.
what is my previous complaint status?
Where is my home branch?
what is my new account number?
My bill amount is incorrect
What is the frequency of interest pay-out in saving bank account ?
I am an computer.
Why my balance is deducting frequently.
Do you provide coverage, all across India?
a cow has 4 legs
How can i transfer my call to another number?
Ok, Thank you  please activate my roaming services.
May I know how much i will be charged for this activation.
Which is the basic pack on your network?
i need CUG offers for my company
I want to change my Plan
I want to Deactivate my Credit Card
What is my billing date?
frequently asked questions
i don't have proper network in dilshuknagar area
how can I assist you ?
How can I activate my internet pack?
I want to know my available balance
Hey watsup  i just finished talking to my network provider customer care and it was a long call talking to them and escalating to the floor manager
what all documents are needed for fixed deposit
can i open fixed deposit on my brother's name
atm issues. cash not dispensed
n case of WLAs, the contact number/toll free numbers are also available for lodging complaints regarding failed transactions at their ATMs.
So I did not get money but a message that amount has been deducted from my account
How can we write a cover letter?
Illiterate people
Please refrain from doing any such activity
My mind has gone for a toss
what is my billing cycle
I want to speak with your senior.
I am requesting you to pay the unpaid bill amount of your phone.
How can i help you?
Yes, any CDMA / GSM or 3G customers can request for a port to any technology with the new Mobile Service Provider, provided he meets the eligibility conditions stated in para 4 above.
What are the benefits of associating my Aadhar card with my bank account?
How can I port to a new Mobile Service Provider?
Thanks for be in queue.
My netbanking password is not working
I live in Hyderabad
7 percent CGST and 7 percent SGST
you are so beautiful!
oh mr wait wait, what is this 200 rupees for, i deactivated the roaming pack two months back after switching over to corporate
What are Broadband Modem Charges
Could you please tell us why am I unable to use data service as per plan?
Call centre is a multi-faceted work-place where various functions occur like customer service centres, information lines, reservation centres, help desks, etc.
On my every bill i was charged for 15% on service tax, which they fail to provide.
Can you please email me a copy?
Wow, that's actually great! Thank you so much!
My Data balance is 3 GB only
Well, I'm so glad to here it from you. Do you have a pen and paper, so you can write down your order number?
Your Free Modem Replacement Order Number is 123. You'll get this modem tomorrow.
how to manage data balance ?
what is the minimum amount require to get this service activated?
what are the roaming charges to my current postpaid bill plan
I lives in Delhi
we have not tried it earlier but on your request we could do this
I love India
may i know your name?
Please tell me procedure to recharge
Can I have your full name sir?
The Warning icon alerts you to critical information
My pass book is lost. What to do?
Madam, apparently that is an old bill. We will be sending you a new bill on your email.
What is maximum speed to data connection ?
i want to share this pack with my friends
My bill is missing.
Kindly activate the value added service from my mobile.
Please have some patience we are looking into your account
Please provide information regarding tariff plans
reduce wastage and recycle more
What is Due date of my broadband ?
How do I view my usage details for a previous bill cycle online?
I am going to office
please tell my validity status
Welcome to Nationwide Building Society
What is interest rate for home loan
Will you bring me a cup of tea?
i am totally satisfied with your answer
please wait while i connect your call to customer care executive.
Kindly reset my ATM Pin .
Excuse me, could you tell me the way to the station, please?
What are the long distance charges on my bill?
thanks for calling
I am not able to do payment
Do you have credit card ?
What is the latest version of your mobile
I need your help
OK, here's what I could offer you.
Will we continue to receive an invoice from our current service provider after our service has transferred to Members Telecom?
I want to activate 4g servers on my number
I need my simm to be replaced
dear card member,please click the below link to get your credit card statement for the current month
i want my check changed
How can i find out why my bank denied my loan application?
How much is charges for 100 GB data plan
Yes sure , what would be the monthly instalment for it .
My ATM PIN is not working
Can I retain my telephone number if I am shifting my location?
I want to know how can I check my balance
Is my plan updated?
How can I download your app.
I need a password reset
I want to know about the unlimited recharge plans.
I have lost my credit card. can u please block it
What is the status of my order?
what is the billing date of my credit card.
When will it start working?
How many days required to complete porting
What is status of my latest recharge?
I am extremely unhappy with your network issues and want to stop your services.
I need a duplicate ID card
Thank you for helping me to teach me Hindi
how do I turn off bluetooth?
What is my bill cycle
What is your salary
How many temples are there?
How long will it take?
i want to stop the payment of the cheque which i had given
I want to change my bill plan
What is the maturity value of my fixed deposit?
What is best data pack for me?
How can I convert from prepaid to postpaid?
What is postpaid subscription?
Is the payment made during new conection, refundable?
Show transactions from last 3 days.
Cancel my scheduled payment for credit card.
I want to apply for bank account for minors.
I forgot my password.
How can I change address for my account?
do you want to know about a housing loan?
Why so much of maintenance charges are getting deducted every month?
What is Platinum Credit card?
Can I have a data usage analysis report for the current month?
what is the rate of interest on savings account balance?
My name is bill
How is your grand father?
I want to fly
I need your help to activate my SIM
i broke my SIM
My bill amount is incorrect
we have network maintain
remind me after some time or days
can we send recharge summary on phone ?
Can a reservation be cancelled?
Can I book a spot for someone else?
Can I book a spot over the phone?
Let's offer our recharge package during diwali
What have you cooked today
i want to raise a complaint
I don’t want to receive any emails. Can I unsubscribe from any mailing lists?
how to check my Tariff
Is my spot really guaranteed?
what is your name ?
What is my account no.?
i want to know  last recharge details.
i want to know the cheque details.
how can i increase my data limit
My name is Rahul
what is my billing cycle
What is  my data balance
please send my mobile number's itemized bill to my email id
Where do you read books?
What’s your favorite food?
How can I pay my bill?
The bank will do a credit check and access your credit report to see if you are eligible for the card.
thank you for calling IBM customer support
What is Area code?
Which messages are categorized as Promotional Messages?
I get the message you do not have any account
Who is to blame for the accident?
I have not received my debit card yet
How can we know the maturity amount of the fixed deposit?
Total call duration in my current bill is wrong
what is the status of my balance?
I want to know my credit card limit
I want to request for a Cheque Book
I couldn't make out what he wanted to say.
I can fix that for you.
I am upset
It is definite that he will go to America.
I have given nomination but it shows no nomination
i would be more than happy to assist you.
She showed me a letter written in English.
I want to deactivate DND service on my number
I want to transfer funds to other bank
I want to change my alternate number
I want to know my ebill password
I am having data balance, still I am not able to do internet
I would like to change my debit card billing address
Who can be a partner in a partnership firm?
What is the time taken to realize outstation cheques?
can you tell me the status of my demand draft
You have to pay your bill between March 12 and March 19
I want to know my monthly bill rental
Record multiple channels / programmes and view at your convenience
What should I do in case I am unable to access my Company's Current Account using NetBanking?
Why I was charged for my 2nd withdrawal from the atm?
I want to request for new sim as I lost my sim
How much cash can I deposit per month in my home branch, without being charged?
How can I apply for an  education loan?
How to check my bank account balance?
Can i activate multiple caller tunes on my number
why my billing address is not updated in your database
I want to get the payment receipt for my previous bill paid
I want to know about the security deposit for International calling
2. Internet speed is too slow on my mobile
I am facing huge coverage issue in my area
May I know your registered mobile number/customer id ?
For more information,May I place your call on hold?
We are sorry for the inconvenience caused to you.
Does customer gets a personalized credit card?
What is the Process to generate One time password (OTP) for IVR/ mobile transactions on cards/ Register for Verified by Visa / MasterCard SecureCode?
How do I earn Hand-picked Rewards?
Can I update separate mobile number for OTP alerts on add-on card?
How can I port my number?
what kind of document you want
the information you provided is wrong sir
How is the customer consent taken on marking lien on a fixed deposit for ICICI Bank Instant Credit Card?
What are the reward redemption options under the Hand-picked Rewards programme?
Bills such as Utility (Electricity, Gas, Water, etc.), Telecom (Postpaid mobile and Landline) bills and Insurance premium payments can be made.
When will bills setup for Standing Instruction on Debit Card be scheduled for payment?
Can I update multiple mobile numbers for alerts facility in my credit card?
What is the revolving credit facility?
Yes, you will receive SMS and Email alerts for Standing Instruction on Debit Card when the bill is scheduled for Standing Instruction on Debit Card and after it is processed for payment.
If an RTGS transaction is not credited to a beneficiary account, does the Remitter get back the money?
THE WEATHER IS CLOUDY TODAY.
Last week I did an RTGS of Rs.350000 but due to a slowdown  on account of bank website my transaction got failed and I haven't received the refund yet.
Can I carry forward my existing packs/benefits/discounts to new circle in case of MNP?
What are the new features of latest Verizon product?
What are the Built in features of your product?
Where are you going?
What is the need of CPG message in ISUP protocol?
What is the Best Unlimited plan for prepaid and postpaid  users of airtel network ?
Please hold the line while I raise a service ticket for your request.
How to check Available net balance ?
what is my billing cycle period
what is my payment due date
Would you like to know new plans on your number?
I want my E-bill receipt for this bill cycle.
I want to complain regarding Data Network issue.
Sir/ma’am, if you don’t calm down, I’ll have to terminate this call.
Could you please share all the details related to your amazon account
Please hold while I check your account in our system..
i want to get my sim card blocked
i want to change my data pack plan
Proud to be an IBMER.
Select the number for which you need the payment receipt, from the navigation panel
What is the procedure to open deemat account?
how to disable international roaming
How do I check balance and validity?
I am relocating to another city. Help me change my base city.
There is lot of disconnection in my broadband connection
What are your International roaming charges to Australia?
Not agree with the Bill generated for me
what is saving account
what is current account
Internet speed is very slow. Where is the issue? please help.
You can also send an SMS to check your balance
What all documents I need to send to open locker in the bank
how can i help you?
YOUR ATM PIN HAS BEEN CREATED SUCCESSFULLY
Yes you can recharge online
how can i avail locker facility in your bank
I would like to know SMS about plans
Please listen carefully.
How do we clean river water?
you made my day
My bill amount is incorrect
i want to know about 4G data plans
My bill amount is incorrect
We really do appreciate this feedback
Thank you so much for letting us know about this problem
you are totally right
these are very costly now-a-days and you never want to lose money for unnecessary data usage while using Facebook or WhatsApp packs.
Deputation of MSME business delegations to other countries for exploring new areas of technology infusion/upgradation
The American Revolutionary War was the first successful colonial war of independence against a European power. Americans had developed an ideology of "republicanism"
The California Gold Rush of 1848–49 spurred western migration and the creation of additional western states
The 1970s and early 1980s saw the onset of stagflation. After his election in 1980, President Ronald Reagan responded to economic stagnation with free-market oriented reforms
The United States, with its large size and geographic variety, includes most climate types.
The First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution guarantees the free exercise of religion and forbids Congress from passing laws respecting its establishment.
Living as unwed partners is also known as cohabitation.
In the 19th century, more and more women in industrialising countries stopped being homemakers and began to undertake paid work in various industries.
I want to change my bill plan
Thanks for calling call center
when would the service will get activated
Customer wants to cancel all automated payments
what are the roaming plan on post paid number
hello, How are you doing?
What is the difference between prepaid and postpaid number
My name is Raksha.
where are you from
How can I change my email address in Mobile bill?
How can I activate a Bonus card or Data pack with my available Balance?
Is my aadhaar number linked with my account?
How can I activate Roaming pack?
please give Jt account holder  name  and balance on the fixed deposit
IBM Environment is very stress free
All our packages are truly fast and truly unlimited.
I am underweight
Speed will never drop during the month
I love dancing
I like to go Haridwar
Break fast is an important meal of the day
I am tired
kya aap bank manager hai
senior branch manager
is my phone compatible with GPRS
What are the documents required for the home loan?
What  is my credit limit?
where were you yesterday
I told you something
Can you please speak in Hindi.
I want to apply for home loan
Please provide me a new sim card on this number
What happens to outstanding amount when customer moves to different circle?
I will reach out to you if I need any help.
Damm, I think we have no electricity
Are there separate plans or charges for LTE devices?
Thank you for choosing, Rocket Speed Internet. My name is TAYLOR. How can I make you a Very Satisfied Customer today?!
How to lose weight?
How much is recharge balance left
As soon as I entered the amount and it was processing my request ATM machine turned off
I have to order new cheque book
How to start a business?
do you have an option for postpaid sim
Put my phone on charge
Lets go and party
How to write a resume?
What is the last thing you watched on TV?
Everybody is jealous of this fact
My bill amount is incorrect
What is National Telemarketers Register?
Can you please explain me that how my mobile data got exceed above the threshold limit?
i want to change my sim
Pre-payment charges on foreclosure of the EMI facility will apply at the rate of 3% on the outstanding principal amount of the loan.
Any requests by add-on cardholders will be billed to the primary card.
The Bank may at its sole discretion accept or reject the EMI conversion request without assigning any reason whatsoever.
What is the EMI amount to be paid every month?
Whom to be informed if the sim is not working
Why my standing instruction is not been credited yet?
Contact your bank for details
Late payment fee is showing on my current bill
Describe an instance where your work was criticised.
Tell us about your best/worst colleague.
Could you please let me know when will the money be credited to my account?
Is he a good person?
Do you think you can work under pressure? What would be your mantra to keep calm and de-stressed while working in an aggressive call centre environment?
I am not sure how VAS got deactivated on my number
I want to change my billing address
Can I know my address change status
Are there any charges for using this service
Please check and tell me whether my recharge amount is reflecting correctly.
I want to receive my cheque book.
What is your problem?
Can you please help me to increase the limit for the Sender's account as well as receivers account?
My Name is Parvez Usmani and i am working with Sandvik account
My bill amount is incorrect.
Polar bears are found on North Poles whereas Penguins are found on South Poles.
How can I help you today
Is Online Bill Pay Secure?
It is raining heavily.
MY 3 g Speed is slow how can i check this?
I am unable to login my facebook account
How many years you have been in your current position. Do you have identification with you?
could you check my account balance
what are the documents are required to open a bank account?
To understand your requirement I would like to ask you few question?
don't you have mind of your own?
can i get a home loan before constructing a house
can i get home loan sanctioned before the construction start ?
Maikal Laptop is old.
i would like to know about the rates of the voice services provided by your network.
I have 4 G supported mobile.
May I come in?
Sorry for the inconvenience.
what is the customer care mail id ?
Per our system’s data, you did pay your last bill last Aug.
I tried to erase the memory of her crying.
Some of the apples in the box were rotten.
I love Sachin as a batsman
What types of mobile connection your company provide
It is said that women live longer than men.
I have been charged wrongly for value added services
How can I contact customer service when I am roaming within India
You can call on our customer care number
No Thanks for your help.
Thank you for calling. We are glad to assist you.
I am getting slow speed for my broadband
Good Day. Call disconnected.
What is my Credit card usage limit?
How can activate and deactivate the service?
What are the charges for Mobile Number Porting
we will proactively activate one day pack for the corresponding country for that day, without any extra cost.
Is there anything that I can help you with?
Within Blood relation (Father, Mother, Wife, Husband, Brother and Unmarried Sister) Visit the nearest airtel relationship center with Proof of Address,
I have recharged my mobile number with 70 rupees, but i did not get any message regarding that nor my mobile was recharged. Kindly help me!
Who are you?
Individual to individual - Transfer of mobile connection between individuals who do not share blood relation is not possible. We recommend you to take a new connection.
What is the meaning of Payment?
How can I activate call divert/call forward?
Which phone i am using?
What is the meaning of Employee?
how to save tax
I want to change caller tune for my mobile.
What is the last payment date in my bill
What is difference between floating and fixed rate?
what is my bill plan
i want to change my name
Can you please provide me the details of my last transaction?
What is the maximum limit of home loan?
What will be the charges for activating  roaming service
How much does a international message costs?
Customer identification number?
How to apply for getting post paid number
Today weather is very hot.
Give me details on housing loan.
What is capital of India
What is my bill amount.
what is my bill amount?
i want to change my bill plan
what is my bill amount
my bill amount incorrect
My billing address is incorrect.
How to calculate mortgage loan value?
my name is
she is very cute
Need to deactivate caller tune service for my number
I am not coming
Hello, Is there a locker available in your branch currently ?
IBM has various process
How is the weather today?
Does your bank have a pension plan?
I recharged my phone around 30 minutes back but the balance is not yet updated.
I have ten movies
I am a girl
What is the customer support number when in International roaming?
I am still studying
i want to apply for a locker facility
I did not get any physical statement of my loan account
I want to open a locker in your bank.
Do you have an existing account in our bank?
kya mujhe MI ka phone lena chayie?
Tell me about your interest areas and what you like to do most?
Hello, How may i help you?
Send me my savings account statement or e-statement for last month.
this month i find some difference in my monthly bill amount
Your call is important to us, please stay on the line.
i want to stop unwanted SMS
I want to talk to your manger
Thank you for calling but may i please know your cellphone number ?
My bill amount is too high!
I want to change the EMI of my home loan from this month
How many types of house loans are there
I want to get the statement of my recent transactions
can you transfer my call to loan department
I want to update my address and contact number
Can you help me find this?
I want to know my unbilled amount
How to block my debit card
Could you send me an email with the detailed offer?
Sorry, but I’m not allowed to give details about that.
Thank you for your time.
I want to deactivate my SMS services.
How to check Network Connectivity in my area
I do not want SMS services.
Hello, it seems that you are away. I will have to close the chat for now. If you still need my help, you can request a chat again. Thanks for stopping by
It's been a while since you've contacted us! Feel free to let us know if you need any help during your order.
We're having a little trouble diagnosing your issue based on the information provided—is it okay for us to remotely access your computer to figure out what's going on?
I want to know the balance of my savings account
Thanks for holding! We do apologize about that wait, but we're ready to assist you.
Please provide your employee ID
We're very sorry, but fulfilling that request isn't possible at this time. Let me check and see what I can do for you.
I wanted to mention that this chat may be recorded for quality assurance.
We want to let you know that this chat may be recorded and used for training purposes.
Is it good time to talk to you?
What is maturity date of my House Building Loan ?
Yes , please go ahead
I cannot see any network coverage in my mobile.
Please activate the 3G service for me.
3G service is compatible on my phone, so please activate it.
What is the daily withdrawal limit from ATM
I want to deactivate my hello tunes
I want to change my current plan.
i want to get latest arsenal news
requesting for a refund
watson wants to learn hindi
What are the Features of having a locker?
I want to know my last transaction.
I am very inquisitive.
she is my best friend
what is the minimum age to open the saving account ?
I want to know all Value added services
i have not received the OTP yet
How can I get port my number.
what are the documents required to open a bank account?
How can i get my mobile bill on my mail id?
I am sorry but the refund of the amount is not possible
What is your name
Your call is important for us
No thanks. I am fine.
Shaders have been notoriously difficult to understand and implement in games
my bill seems to be incorrect
let the blood flow in veins not in drains
how can i deactivate 3G service
what is the procedure to have a Locker in your bank?
please enter your credit card number
I want to learn bluemix
I recharge pan , but not reflecting in my account
Someone Stole my ATM. How to block it?
Can I see the device name or the person's name associated with each mobile number on my bill?
Thank you for calling and we are glad to be of your service.
Why my bill is more this time?
I am not getting full speed on my 4g network.
i want to change my nominee
I got the wrong product
When will I receive my order.
Do I need a joint account?
my agents aren't able to make or receive any telephone calls.
How to change my mobile operator
Thank you for contacting Watson. Have a nice day.
what is your telephone number
who is your favorite actor
what are the rules in table tennis
I want to port my SIM
I want to replace my SIM
I want replace my broken SIM card
i want to change my current account detail
5. The speed is a bit faster now but not up to the expectations.
5. The speed is a bit faster now but not up to the expectations.
please let me know how should I get my savings account converted to fixed deposit .
Please tell me the process to check sim balance .
I am unable to browse this particular website via mobile network .
How do I enable international roaming on my number?
How are you mate
Which is latest and best mobile phone
I have issued a check to Mr. Dinesh yesterday, please stop it due to some discrepancy amount.
Can I use my credit card in the Mobile Banking?
there is a promotional offer for 0% interest for the first 12 months on balance transfers.
To reach our company directory, press
We are currently unavailable to take your call because we’re out changing the world
Call us back during business hours or after the revolution has been televised
Please activate roaming services.
fill in all the required information including amount to be paid as fees or any other expenses.
How can I get my SIM deactivated
What do you mean by customer feedback?
Now if you are having the account in the bank,
Attach your application for demand draft and hand it over to assistant at counter.
Draft has to be printed or hand written by bank Hence it takes some time.
I have not received my bill yet
I need a new number.
How is interest calculated on Personal Loan
Can remittances be sent abroad using NEFT?
How to convert credit card outstanding to EMI.
what are the inventions happened in recent years?
I want to purchase home in Kota
In general, I believe that all people can live in peace.
Sure, i will help you
We should think about save the nature
am unable to connect t internet using mobile data
I'm an an honest person
do you have any questions
I am facing problem in accessing the network
it was pleasure talking to you.
What is the bill amount?
i am not happy with my mobile plan
What is the time now?
What is my internet speed
What is call rates if I am travelling abroad
I am in great need of some help from you
Could you please share latest plan list with me ?
its good to hear that you escaped from thieves ?
What is your name
I need to set my caller tone on my number?
where did you get them?
That’ll be fine. Thanks.
When I used my debit card, cash was taken back by the machine.
What are the various charge / fee applicable on the credit card account?
How can I update / change my mobile number on my credit card account?
I want to change my name on the Card, is it possible?
The amount from my account has been debited .
can i change my installments in rupees
What is the difference between ringtone and caller tune?
I will be glad to help you. May I please get your Bank Account number and the name on the account?
What are the documents do I need to apply for a home loan?
Is there any processing fees which I need to pay?
My name is John and I have network problem in my mobile.
Could you please share my current plan details?
I want to link Adhar Card with My Mobile Number
I need a new cheque book
I need a new ATM card
Please provide my last month bank account statement
Please Deactivate DND service on my mobile number
Please help to provide me loan amount and rate of interest details.
What should I do when I see the words "SIM Card Rejected" or "Blocked Card" or "Check Operator Services"?
Do you have any working experience in JAVA and SQL?
am i eligible to having a safety deposit locker?
hello i am fine
how are you all
food is required
i am feeling good
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Raja, How may I assist you?
i have submitted the bill amount but still not able to call.
I want to activate roaming service for a week on my mobile number.
I want to know the balance of my account.
I want to activate a data package on my number
do i need to submit any other document
I love teaching kids.
I want activate deactivate ISD
I had kidney beans curry with rice today in lunch
India is a beautiful country
I want to change my bill plan.
Why is my account suspended?
Please tell me something about your self?
If the account has a debit balance, please fund the account to the extent of the debit amount together with interest, before you submit your closure application
'Porting' is the act of switching to a new Mobile Service Provider within the same LSA, without changing your mobile number.
The porting request has been made after the expiry of a period of ninety days from the date of activation of a new connection or from last porting
Coverage Problem.
How do i perform transfer in mobile banking?
my mobile plan is IBM plan
For pre-paid users, you need to know that all existing credit (Talk value and validity) will expire upon porting and not be carried to the new Mobile Service Provider.
You will have to go to the new Mobile Service Provider’s Service Centre or Authorised Dealer to request for porting of your mobile number.
Query: My Credit card bill amount is reflecting more than what i spent, please check.
My recharge is completed but money is not credited.
What are you currently worried about?
How do you judge a person?
Can you waive off the late fee of rupees 100 in last bill
will you come with me in park
what precautions should i take to avoid health issues?
Take care of proper hygiene.
I want to play today
what is the current data pack in my number ?
i am going to office
What do you want to know?
I have the solution for your problem.
At my location i am not getting proper speed.
Could you please explain my bill details in short?
Could you please share the call details which i did in the last month
Can you provide me your account number please?
Will I be issued with a new SIM card?
Have you submitted your telephone bill?
Ok, why does this bill reflect only $300.00
Please confirm your mother maiden name
Please activate the caller tune service
How much is my due amount?
I want to see my internet data usage.
How much is my bill amount
He is a Consultant Nephrologist
Whom should use voice VPN service?
there is some issue in my internet connection.
can you please tell me what is the plan for unlimited calls in vodaphone?
need to change my current plan.
which plan I need to activate daily 1 GB internet data?
please activate my message service
What are the processing fees charged by the bank for personal loan?
I have lost my mobile phone
i want to change my billing address
Write to us
What is the process to change the owner of SIM card.
I have lost my SIM card. Kindly assist me.
Please provide me with a duplicate bill for this month.
How to know my data balance?
What are the timings for e-payment ?
which mobile data plan is best ?
There is some System Error
I'm very busy.
Can you provide me statement of account?
With 3g we get high speed for communication
This is the request of my new Change Address
What is matrix in Telecommunication ?
What are the terms and conditions of using Global Telecom Broadband?
I am talking with IT team for fix the issue.
Recharge not reflecting on my account
Accept reality
I want to change my bill plan
Please do not fold the cheque on code line.
Is it mandatory to place the orders for purchase/sale of shares / convertible debentures through the Designated Bank?
I want a hard-copy of bill with my past month incoming and outgoing call details delivered at my registered address
We all are happy.
what are the interest rates offered on fixed deposit
india is a democratic country.
I want your help.
How to activate or replace a mobile phone SIM card?
What is the rent of the locker
I want to make a change to my subscription plan
Can I access the service from overseas?
How long have you been offering call center solutions?
You should have atleast 3 months of time before applying to new DND
Do you support any particular Live Chat software?
Is there a minimum duration to do business or contract?
Why should I outsource my call center operations to outsource2india?
What are the details of my loan account?
I want E Bill facility for my vodafone bill
my network is down. what should I do?
THE NAME IS NOT PRINTED ON THE BILL
Can you provide me statement of account?
What do you want from our end?
what is my data balance
from where can I download new caller tunes
Right now I am using your Rs. 499 plan.
My billing address has been changed
i cannot see product
Please deactivate my roaming pack
There are some additional booster charges in my bill which I had not approved.
Please send me the duplicate bill
I want to activate international roaming
How to get my roaming pack deactivated
Please provide the latest bill
I want to know if i can buy mututal funds through your bank
I want to update my office address
Who am I speaking with ?
I want duplicate bill of electricity
Status of Recharge is Success
Please provide me the information about last month bill
ABFL Direct provides Term loan for businesses upto INR 15 lakhs without any collateral. The loan tenure is between 6-36 months. You can apply for the loan on this website.
Income Tax Returns are not required during the loan application process.
I want to submit my telephone bill
If I list my products using Sell on Amazon, will the customer know that he or she is purchasing from me on Amazon marketplace?
Do you offer protection against fraud?
Can I get help for capturing images and creating digital catalogs as per Amazon guidelines?
Can I earn Rewards before I joined the Program?
bye.have a nice day
Can I get one more debit card on my account
What is a process to close NRE/NRO Account?
What are the different tenures you offer on your loans?
What are the documents required?
i need to know detail about this plan
i want to activate special offer alerts.
Which article grants Fundamental Rights to people of India
How much amount will I receive if I close the recurring account prior to its maturity date?
By when will my order be delivered?
what is a good credit score
I want to know about bill payment.
I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to my friends and colleagues.
One and one make eleven
Broadband is not working
when did iPhone seven launch?
What should be done to the ATM card when the card is expired or the account is closed?
I have paid my bill on time, however it is not reflecting in my account
please maintain the minimum balance of amount in your account. Thank you
Could you let us know when you are available to talk
to make an even deal
I have not received my refunded amount.
Whoever owns the lathi (a huge cane/stick) owns the buffalo
When will you complete your work
Hello, How can I help you
I want to deactivate my 3G pack.
How many nominees can be added to a single locker?
how was your weekend?
Personally, I would recommend you to
Are you going to see Doctor today ?
How do I change my plan?
can you please assist me with changing my bill plan
My internet data is very slow
what are your ambitions
How to activate DND (Do Not Disturb) service?
How are you
india's central bank has some big concern about the sustainability of the county's banking system.
how can i check my balance.
How can I activate my SIM ?
Can I please get the report by today on priority?
This is wonderful !
may i know your name?
Why is my bill above the last bill?
This is what I understand you are telling me.
what is best way to do this task ?
i want to pay my phone bill
What is the PUK number of my SIM card?
ii am using your sim from last 10 year but i did not get any benefits in any plan.
May I know your billing address for security reasons ?
please tell me the Promotional Scheme for my number .
what is my home loan interest rate
I want explanation on my bill ?
What is my current internet speed.
Is my number is eligible for number portability ?
India is a democratic country
what is the annual charges if i open a locker in your bank?
where do you stay?
I want duplicate bills of last three months.
She is in bed with a fever.
We should keep our promise.
I want to know my tariff details .
Would you like to change your plan ?
if you think that a single person can't bring the change, don't forget Manjhi-the mountain man
How to get the password of the credit card if forget ?
May i know how can i get my detail bill?
what is the best honeymoon package you have
What is the basic thing you provide to me as a customer
Proud to be an IBM-er.
It is good to live alone instead of having a bad company.
There is no signal  or network showing at home.
how to renew existing Recurring Deposit
I deliver excellence.
How you did this?
Please allow me a moment
I am connected to internet but unable to browse
I like hill station
I did not receive the cashback
what is your good name?
how much is shopping bill
What should I do if I suspect there are unauthorized transactions on my account?
How can i pay my locker rent
what is the due date to pay my account bill?
How many languages do you support?
I want to swap my SIM
How is our CSAT?
Can you please send me my credit card statement from last financial year?
The request for reactivation of my account has been approved.
There is no minimum contract period and you are free to terminate contract after sending us notice for the same in written at least 30 days in advance.
it's raining
My date of submission of phone bill is 9 Sept 17
Please send my bill to my email.
My bill has gone too much?
my video call is  not working
Thank you!
We want new 4G plan
We want data for whole family
How may I Assist you?
please activate DND service on my number
can you hear me
please link your Aadhar number with your Mobile number as per indian government rules
How much internet data have i used
yes or no?
What is my remaining balance on my credit card?
I want to exchange my money.
How to change net banking password.
How to open sap
what is my age?
what is watson?
5. Now you can enter your new password.
I want to discontinue my mobile services as i am not satisfied.
I want to stop payment of a check
3-I have not received bank statement for this month please send to me.
I want to go USA
I am hungry
I want to start my business
Can you please recheck my last month bill?
What is your name?
debit card not reached - status
I want duplicate bill of my mobile number.
sentences for practice
I am not getting network signals in roaming area Please help me.
Where do you see yourself in next one year?
is there anything else I can help you with.
I am sleeping
I lost my ATM Card.
I want to open a saving Bank account.
How can senior citizens know; which bank branch has started Jeevan Pramaan facility?
Hi, This is Purnima, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Raja, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Ria, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Srijana, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Pushpi, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
My card is expiring next month but I am traveling out of country in 5 days. Can I get my new card urgently?
How much will it cost?
Shall I send the required documents by post?
What is trade ?
What are the different types of credit cards?
How does the new EMV chip and PIN system for credit cards work?
I want to port my number to Vodafone.
What is the min/max tenor I can choose?
What is TDS on Fixed Deposit?
Is there any charge/processing fee levied for opening a Fixed Deposit account?
I like learning new technologies.
When will my interest amount be paid?
Can I show this FD investment for tax exemption?
KYC documentation required:
In case of non payment of the existing loan will my FD be impacted?
Is the interest on FD taxable? What is the taxable amount?
Scheme provided is incorrect. I had asked for cumulative however non cumulative has been given to me. Vice versa
I wish to renew my FD
What is the customer type that can apply for an FD?
I want to activate DND service.
I am facing frequent call drop issue.
I want to know current interest rate for fixed deposit account in your bank.
Does Bajaj Finance offer multiple interest payout options at maturity?
What is the minimum amount required to open an FD with Bajaj Finance?
What are the fixed deposit interest rates offered by Bajaj Finance?
What can I help you with?
How to check if (Fixed Deposit) FD is created?
What is the multiple in which I can open a FD account?
What is reinvestment or cumulative FD?
Do Senior citizens get any extra benefit on the Fds?
How Top-Up is different than Mobile Recharge through Recharge Codes?
What is Mobile Recharge Top-Up?
How Top-Up is different than Mobile Recharge through Recharge Codes?
What if I select the wrong operator during Prepaid recharge?
You can open a savings account too.
What are the values for which Prepaid Recharge can not be done for Reliance?
Is there any additional charge levied by the Bank/ Operator?
How do I register for a mShop Name?
What are the operators for which I can use Top-Up facility?
Will I get refund if the DD was returned from the shipping address I entered?
How do I get my PUK number?
What do I do if I forget my mShop Name in future?
Is safe custody applicable for both pre-paid and post-paid users?
How do I earn reward points?
How can I  redeem my Rewards through Mobile App?
Can I redeem my reward points once my SBI Card is closed?
Do I need to register again for availing the online reward redemption?
I need to activate DND service
Are there any additional charges for loan repayment?
The last transaction mentioned my credit card statement is not correct
What will be the storage capacity of 3G SIM ?
I need a payment receipt for my payment
I am unable to use internet
Is there any limit for purchase/sale of shares / convertible debentures by an NRI in the secondary market?
Is it mandatory to route the secondary market transactions through PIS designated account only?
How to drive a car?
what is this month's target?
Do you know what is watson?
Reimbursement of data card expense
what is my bill amount
How to calculate interest on Fixed deposits?
Do you want to convert your 3G SIM to 4G?
What different documents are required for change from 2G to 3G?
guests are coming at my place
Your number is registered with which name?
Will any special rates be applicable for specific category of applicants?
what is an invoice?
I don’t understand my phone bill. Can you explain the charges?
i want o change phone number in home loan
i want to you to explain my phone bill
i want to suspend my internet
resolve my personal loan issue
I have received the Complimentary Jet Airways base fare ticket code, however, I'm unable to redeem the code received.
I have my credit card User ID but I don't have my Password, how can I get the same?
HOW IS THE WEATER IN DELHI?
THERE IS A PLEASANT WEATHER IN DELHI.
What is the validity period of my Payback Card?
When does the beneficiary get the credit for a NEFT payment?
How to utilise reward points?
What is the mandatory information required to make an RTGS & NEFT payment?
What is MITC and where can I check the details of MITC?
Will the limit of Add-on card be over and above the limit of the primary card?
I want duplicate bill for the month of August.
what is my current plan enabled on my mobile number ?
What are offers available on my mobile number
What is the meaning of Debit Note?
What is my bill amount?
What is the last date to link Aadhaar card to Mobile number ?
I want to activate roaming service on my mobile number
How to identify your login password & T-pin?
What is the meaning of Sales Order?
What is your name?
I want to become a successful women
Video conference is the next best way to have team meetings with remote teams.
I want to know my current billing plan
can I open an overdraft account for housing loan ?
I haven't recieved bill for the month of may.
Hello How are you?
Plan for evening
you can contact me anytime if you have problem again.
what is your serial number?
Does Bank bears any liability for unauthorized use of the Card?
How can i get my billing address changed?
Hello, I would like to know the balance amount in my bank account ?
Through My Tata Docomo App
Through My Tata Docomo App
14 Sep is hindi day
Hindi is the first language of around 430 million people around the world
How to Get LTE SIM
The gender aspects of Hindi are very strict. All nouns in Hindi possess genders and the adjectives and verbs change according to gender
Many English words have been derived from Hindi, such as chutney, loot, bungalow, guru, jungle, karma, yoga, thug, avatar
The earliest form of Hindi was called 'Apabhramsa', which was an offspring of Sanskrit. In 400 AD, poet Kalidasa wrote Vikramorvasiyam in Apabhramsa
Waste sim activation services  ?
Request you to activate my sim
Activate DND service to my number
I want to know the status of my bill plan change request.
Where is my welcome kit
where is my welcome kit
how much data we get for the plans under 250
How to reboot system
What is NEFT.
During the second half of the 19th century, the American Civil War led to the end of legal slavery in the country
he first Europeans to arrive in territory of the modern United States were Spanish conquistadors
Britain recognized the independence of the United States following their defeat at Yorktown in 1781
Housewives are usually financially dependent on members of the household who are employed; however, people working full-time
I want to change my bill plan
What is the interest rate of government bank
I am calling because I received a wrong bill. I just paid my phone bill two days ago and my payment is not reflected in the bill.
What is my credit card bill for last month
I'm having problems with my Internet connection, as well as repeated crashes when I try to run my word-processing softwar
What is the validity of ATM-cum-Debit Card?
I am sorry, Joan is not available right now. May I help you with something?
my data is works very slow?
Please block my Service
What is your name ?
what data plan your network provides ?
What are your key skills
Can I recharge my Mobile online ?
What are the latest top up plans for Roaming services?
Do you have any mobile plan for senior citizen
give me cheque number
what is tds
your cheque is cancelled now
I want to know the status of my request
Our agent will contact you soon.
what is my bill amount
how many accounts do I hold in your bank?
I want to have an itemized bill
Can you give me your alternate number?
Stop Payment of a check in the bank
Always give respect to parents & seniors.
Times goes on .so whatever you are going to do,do it now.dont wait.
Will my mobile number stop working during Porting process?
I want to know how do I request for a new locker
how can i change the emi frequency
Please deactivate the services of my alternate mobile number
How can I transfer my Bank branch from one city to another city.
I want to know how to get Education Loan for my kid
Please give me your account number or Customer ID?
what are the available data plans for my number
my bill is incorrect
Please let me know my account details
Sign in to your account using your prepaid mobile number on airtel.
Can you let me know best Broadband plan by looking at my usage?
Please note only recharges made through Airtel app are shown here.
Your complaint number is #number
Can you please look into the matter closely.
your account balance is low
I want to change my address
What’s a monitor?
Follow it for me, and tell me if it’s plugged securely into the back of your computer.
I want to know about refund process.
I want to know about credit limits on my number.
I want to know the bill for my international roaming package
which corporate offers are available?
I have a network Issue
How long does it take to block the number after placing the request
My balance got deducted but the recharge was not successful.
Can a Business loan be Pre-approved?
I would like to activate internet services
what is the minimum balance required to be maintained for advantage women saving account ?
what is Advantage Women Saving account?
how to get a new Sim
it's working
What should I do if I've entered the wrong Credit Card number?
How does my salary influence my Business loan amount?
Can I get 4G on the 3G phone or USB modem that I have now?
Thank you for being on line. Your call has been transferred to senior. I am Ashu Bhat Subject Matter Expert.
What are the various document needed to apply for Gold loan?
Is there anything else may I help you with
Due to technical up gradation we are not able to check your information please call us after 1 hour.
What’s Wrong with Using Public Wi-Fi?
Why Do I Need to Keep Resetting My Router?
I want to deactivate 3g and get 4g activated on my sim.
What is the maturity date of my loan ?
The word ‘Computer’ is derived from?
In terms of computing, what does ROM stand for?
I want to know about best plan for roaming.
I want to buy a better data plan.
What is the last payment date on my loan
Development of sprint is planned to be completed by next week
Rs 200 new currency note is launched
Team is working in Agile
Since when are you facing the issue?
What are the benefits of Electronic Funds Transfer?
i want to change my subscriber through mobile porting
Please ensure that you have got exactly the right amount
What is your account number, sir?
You can do all your day-to-day banking over the telephone 24 hours a day.
What are the charges for call wait/ call hold?
How do I choose the option?
I want to change my bill plan
How Can I make my Credit Card payments through Bank ATMs?
How to block my debit card
enable my card
Honesty is the best policy
Do you know anything about Watson?
What is my payments due date.
My phone is blocked
I love my job
I have ported my sim from 3g to 4g what are the benefits I am gonna get?
I have requested to port my number, how may days will it take.
We are very sorry for the inconvenience caused to you
thank you for contacting customer care
I want to activate the DND in my phone .Please tell me the process
How can I request for credit card .
My data plan is not working.
What is my data limit?
What is my data limit?
What is my credit limit?
Please confirm your Employee ID before proceeding
what is the process of sim port.
As my phone is lost please suspend my number temporarily .
Have a nice day.
Please activate roaming facility on my number.
How are you
I need an itemized bill of my mobile number.
Can I withdraw cash from different bank ATM
do you hate me?
Today I paid my Citi bank Credit card bill amount
where is my bill
Today i need to compete my testing.
what is the rate of interest for fixed deposit for one year
What is the price of this phone
are you able to hear my voice clearly?
What will be my billing cycle
When do I start repaying the principal amount?
What are the latest mobile tariff plans?
Is international calling available on my mobile number
What is your name
What is the meaning of Reserves?
You have an enquiry/issue with Mobile Number Portability
I want to visit America.
who are you?
How to invest money in mutual funds?
Varanasi is the world's oldest continuously inhabited city
Can u turn on the lights that's it.
Aiyyo Rama ye kya ho gaya..
Life is beautiful
What if I default
A telephone, or phone, is a telecommunications device that permits two or more users to conduct a conversation when they are too far apart to be heard directly .
I want to know the documents required for opening an account.
It is an incontrovertible fact that a large number of child marriages are performed in violation of the existing provisions of the law, particularly on ‘Akha Teej’ or ‘Akshaya Tritiya’.
March is the third month of every year.
this is good option
What is you birth date?
how do you change customer tariff?
can we come on video call for interview?
how can i check your credit verification ?
To check for available services in your area, may I have the complete address where you would like to establish the service please?
Yes, however, just a heads up, you do have the option to upgrade your service at a later time once higher speed will be available at no cost for you.
What would be interest rate on EMIs?
What is my bank code number?
According to the information provided by Netflix's technical department, I need at least 5Mbps for every HD video stream.
Doesn't that mean I would need 20Mbps if I want to stream four HD videos at the same time?
How can i get the waiver in late payment fees?
Upon double checking with my Supervisor, the speed would fit your streaming needs.
I want to make a complaint with regard to my balance.
We have refreshed the network settings from here.
I want to get mobile alerts for all banking transactions
You can choose from following international roaming plans that can be activated on your number.
You can choose from following local roaming plans that can be activated on your number.
Can you please confirm that from when are you facing these speed related problems?
What is Mobile Number Portability?
What is the late payment penalty on a Car Loan?
What is the late payment penalty on a Tractor Loan?
What is the late payment penalty on a Education Loan?
What is the late payment penalty on Personal Loan?
I would like to know why My Mobile Number Portability request was rejected.
Sumit Arora
Please deactivate my number ASAP
Please tell me about my current plan
My father is fine
May I get a reimbursement please as I have been wrongly charged for the Internet data services?
I have been receiving messages to update my Aadhaar card details onto my mobile number. How do I get it done?
Can you forward my call to your senior
What is my current Billing cycle ?
I lost my sim please block it
what is my current account balance
please activate caller tune on my no.
Hello, I have a few queries related to my telephone bill
tellme the ISD call rates
My husband wants to kill me
How is your father
how is your brother
I want a check book.
I am so sorry for sharing wrong details.
I've forgotten my Online Banking password.How to reset
That's alright.
Can i apply for credit card through online
Do you consider yourself successful?
I want to order a demand draft
how many members are there in your family?
How would you describe your management style?
I tried withdrawing 5000 rupees and the ATM was processing the transaction but it failed and the money was deducted from the account but the ATM never dispensed the amount.
I am from a rural area.
Thank you calling support team, have a nice day.
How to impress a customer?
Sell a product…
How long are you willing to stay with our organisation, if employed?
Have there been instances, when your decision was challenged by your colleague or manager?
I would like to know better data plans.
Register for the service and set up standing instructions for your bank account or credit card
I want to change my bill plan
Is your father a farmer?
I want NEW SIM
I want to order a new sim card
What is the Process for getting new sim ?
Is my sim 4G enabled
I want to change billing address.
My father is a gentle person.
What is the difference between inbound and outbound process?
How to Reactivate an Old SIM Card?
Did you recharge my mobile?
I wish to order demand draft.
Hello Sam, how are you, it's been a long time since we last met?
I wish to know maturity value of my fixed deposit.
My address in wrong.
How Can I get my caller tune changed ?
I want to deactivate my number
Can I activate 2G services on my current mobile number ?
what is my current outstanding loan
Executive: Hello, I am Prashant, how can i help you sir?
Can i get a discount as my discount coupon is lost
What are the processing fees charged by the bank for personal loan?
create a ticket and assign to unix team
I need to change the billing address urgently.
sharing knowledge is appreciated
My package is not delivered yet. The date of package arrival has been overdue since 2 days.
I already had my lunch.
today is client holiday
What can I do to make your experience with us better?
Executive: Ok, let me check the details of your number
Will my money be refunded after the failed recharge?
That's really a great idea.
clock ilc and TVC
Is there anything else,  that I can help you with today?
The rain continued all day.
I want to change my dialer tone subscription.
I want to pay my bill
Can I track the status of the SIM card?
Executive: Thanks for calling, have a nice day.
Request to update my mobile number
That box is bigger than this one.
The top of that mountain is flat.
How I can help you?
I want to change my correspondence address
Are your daily needs being met with our new services?
Scheme and Promotion produce very pronounced effects to retail business.
i am charged extra for roming.
how to check internet speed?
how to check data balance
your voice is not clear to me
Check Fixed Deposit balance for multiple deposits
I want a locker ? Is there one available in Home branch
last time you sent bill on my mail
What is my Credit card bill for last august
payment can be made vai internet banking
Send me savings account statement or e-statement for last 3 months/ for this year from April/last financial year
how to deactivte network
what is New Connection?
how to activate DND
how to divert calls
what is Port In Status?
how to deactivate GPRS
what is Value Added Service?
how to deactivate Value Added Service
what is Services On Prepaid?
how to complete Credit Verification
how to Change Language?
1.Can you change the billing address?
How can I port out
What is your approach to resolving conflict?
The Auto Pay service is a very convenient bill payment facility through which you can ensure automatic payment of your bills by giving standing instructions on any valid bank account* or credit card
But when I am checking now, I am only getting 60 GB
I want to change my bill plan
Am I a fool?
what is the name of your father?
But, why is my data reduced to 60 GB?
Why is my data balance so low?
What happens if there are no funds in my bank account
who are you?
I will go to market.
I am an engineer.
I want to know my data balance.
I want to upgrade my sim to 4g
My bill amount is incorrect
May i know whether you are a prepaid customer or postpaid customer
Hi, Can you assist me, I'd like to change my billing address.
I am not able to pay my bill online.
My name is Akshaya
Can you please help me with your new billing address?
She is in bed with a fever.
Executive: Thank you, please confirm if the number is 8860609970
Do I need to recharge again after the failed recharge?
How do you feel about IBM?
The novel is very exciting.
i want change my communication  address
Tom, I want to talk to you.
Can I withdraw the amount of fixed deposit before maturity?
I want complete refund for failed transaction.
I want to order a demand draft of Rupees 5000.
Customer: Alright. Hope it will be resolved withing specified time.
She is poor, but she looks happy.
WHAT IS MY NAME
I want to receive my last 3 bills
my atm pin is blocked. what do I do?
Why should i pay the bill when my connection was disconnected
These trees were planted by them.
They were scolded by the teacher.
When do you usually get off work?
Alright sir, please tell me what is the problem in your bill
I wanted to check my transactions for the previous month.
My current bill is very high.
My credit card bill is not correct
what is the name of bank account holder
thank you for the details
I want to change my data plan. My current plan is 6gb/month and my usage is more than 6gb. please tell me about better data plan.
Why you need me ,when you have google translate, Its because i can translate more accurate.
How to check my data plan?
how to register for do not call registry?
What is Sell on Amazon or SOA?
What do I need to register as a seller on Amazon?
Can I sell outside India through Amazon marketplace?
Can I cancel my subscription?
How does the Program work?
What is listing?
What should I do if my area is not serviceable by Flipkart?
you will get the plan benefits from next month
I will be logging a bill dispute as requested by you on your number right now.
Maturity date of fixed deposit
Link your AADHAR and PAN number with your bank account
Since we have not received the payment from your bank, we are logging a bill dispute request from our end.
If we get a positive response from the bank on your bill dispute request, then late fee will be waived off from your next bill.
i want to disconnect one of the services
what is minimum due amount
what are raoming charges
what is my daily SMS limit
I want to change my default mobile 3G data settings
How to upgrade from 3G data plan to 4G data plan?
Where exactly do you work
I have not received my bill for last month.
I want to change the language of conversation on this call.
Kindly let me know the interest rate on Fixed deposit.
Could you please increase the number of GBs for my account
you don’t deal with that?
I’ve been on hold for the last 30 minutes.
I want to know few cheaper broadband plans in Gurgoan ?
It sounds as if you need the billing department. I’ll transfer you to that number. Here it is, though, in case you get disconnected.
What are the benefits from MNP?
Ok, it says here July 2010.
Where can I make a complaint?
How to check if (Fixed Deposit) FD is created?
In the North, urbanization and an unprecedented influx of immigrants from Southern and Eastern Europe supplied a surplus of labor for the country's industrialization and transformed its culture.
Can I apply for Add on card for My Spouse?
What does 'Rewards at a Glance' help me do?
Is there any SMS facility to check credit card balance details?
How can I be updated of the latest offers and privileges?
What is the dining discount I get on my Coral Credit Card?
Why use Standing Instruction on Debit Card?
What are the benefits of Standing Instructions on Credit Card?
When will my Internet Banking passwords will expire?
How can I give request to print my name on credit card?
How do I enable Standing Instruction on Debit Card for a biller?
When does the beneficiary get the credit for a RTGS payment?
What is Hand-picked Rewards?
To Return to main menu press 9
Please note my address
I have yet not received the recharge done on my mobile.
I want to deactivate a value added service.
I have deactivated the service from my end. You will be notified within 2 hours.
Mine Functional ID Password I didn't receive, how to get it?
i admire watson
I want to transfer ownership of my number. How do I do it?
What is my pet name?
Proof of Identity, One Passport size Photograph, PAN card or form 60, proof of blood relation, Subscriber Enrolment Form and NOC from both parties.
Proof of Identity, One Passport size Photograph, PAN card/Form 60, Subscriber Enrolment Form and NOC from both companies on company letterhead.
How to Apply for a ATM
where are you going
I want an update on a ticket
I have received my user name but no password. What to do?
I have to schedule my cab for 9.30 login
what is the procedure of instant money  transfer
I want to change my address on my postpaid bill
What is your manager name?
Which is your favourite food?
“A friend in need is a friend indeed.”
why my issue is not resolved
Contacting customers and asking for their feedback.
i want to change my data plan
please provide information of bill amount
my name is jay
How was the party ?
I am facing a lot coverage problem
what is your bill payment date ?
What are the plans activated on my number?
what is the bill amount due for my last month?
It was nice speaking with you
I am not satisfy with this answer .
Always displaying professionalism, patience and politeness within a pressurised work environment
when is your week off?
Understanding of complaint processes and procedures.
i urge you to be little bit prepare next time
my name is wrong in the bill
Acting as a role model for other junior members of staff.
I want to reset my ATM pin
I am an Jio user
I'm not able to login to my account using my credentials
what is status of my  account ?
I want to eat chocolate
voice quality is too high
Responsible for developing and maintaining effective relationships with customers
what are you doing
I am using airtel from last three years
i want to know my last transaction
Can I send data for a prepaid connection?
My international roaming is not working
what are current interest rate for education loan ?
Have a nice day
I need new broadband connection.
What is the eligibility to apply for loan?
I want to update my phone number in my Account
i request you
I went to bed
I watch TV every day.
I want to change my Data Plan.
please call mack immediately
closed request cannot be retreived
may i know your name
Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting momen
Lucknow is my home town
i am socked to know this
I want refund of my security amount.
Why is my data consumption so high this month
My boss will not say yes.
i want to know about DMAT account
i want to enquire about car loan
i want to enquire about forex
How to open a bank account?
What are my recent transaction from my saving bank account?
what do you understand by fixed deposit?
surcharge is not correct in my bill
This is incorrect.
how to find mobile recharge balance
kindly activate video calling on my cell number
Please change my mailing address
thank you for being on line, your call has been transferred to my senior, I am bhaskar
And what is the listed zip code of your current account?
I want to check my data usage.
can i know my savings account balance
Please deactivate the 3G service for me.
Where are you going?
How old are you?
What is my withdrawl balance
Nominee is not yet updated in my savings account
What is my credit limit on my credit card
Do I have overdraft facility on my savings account
What are the different types of salary account available?
How can i update my mobile number  for my savings account
what are the documents required for applying housing loan.
What is the current tariff for prepaid connection?
How to change my data plane?
Can i place a request for a new cheque book please
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Pankaj, How may I assist you?
how are you.
May I help you ?
can I put the call on hold for some time ?
i am eating
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Pragya, How may I assist you?
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Nipun, How may I assist you?
Do your handset has 4G connectivity?
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Jyotsna, How may I assist you?
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Chiranjeev, How may I assist you?
What are the features & benefits of a Ferrari Credit Card?
How can I remove the Auto Debit facility on my credit card?
How can I find out the number of JPMiles that I have in my JetPrivilege account?
I request to please replace my Handset as it is getting restarted often.
I am going to a doctor.
What is the procedure to change picture on my existing Expressions Credit card?
That's why you don't feel well.
Exercise is very important for health
From tomorrow morning, I'll start taking exercise.
Good afternoon, sir, it's good to see you in my shop on such a wet day.
What size do you take?
Here is the very thing for you, sir! Real English leather, and strong without being clumsy.
My name is Roshan
YES, Standing Instruction on Debit Card can be set up for presentment, presentment and payment and Payment only type of billers.
Good morning. I purchased a computer from your company last month. Unfortunately, I'm not satisfied with my new computer
I want to change my bill plan
You have stolen from me.
This deduction is not correct.
I want my bill to be checked
I am not getting proper network coverage mobile.
How can I help you today?
Which are the value added services available on my mobile.
The bank may deduct service charge for ATM facility
When is my bill due date?
Are you able to understand hindi language
Will provide you with better recommendations on skill-building recommendations and career guidance
Lets start learn Watson.
my sim is not working
Well, that brings me to the end of my presentation, thanks so much for listening
is there any self service applications available in the mobile app?
please deactivate 3G services
voice quality is not upto the mark
in how many days i have to pay the bill
I will pay tomorrow
How much is my minimum balance amount?
Can u please share email id where i can send documents
I have paid my bill
Is my billing address can be changed by you?
is entire network is non functional?
How can i check my changed  billing address
yes that is correct address
what is your name sir?
Can u please tell me what all documents u will need to change my address .
Can I recharge my friend's mobile number? How will I know that the recharge order was successful?
I want to book a room in hotel
What happens if I don't use my savings account for a very long time?
My payment was successful and I got a message from the vendor that my recharge was successful, but my recharge has not gone through. Can I have my refund?
Where can I see the status of my recharge order? What does the status mean?
Can i get my money refunded
please share details of roaming pack activated on my mobile
Is recharge is done?
Is rechaged is failed?
can u please tell status of my recharge?
Please explain best recharge plan according to my usage
can i customize recharge plans
please check as Refund Not Received
this is the sms code to check Balance
What can I do with my Credit Card PIN?
Does my mobile got recharged?
what is the maturity date of my loan
How much time my new sim will take to get activated?
What is the current balance outstanding on my loan
how to block ATM Card ?
Schedule my Credit Card Payment for 10th day of every month
Cheque Status/Stop Cheque
Is it possible to Issue a Duplicate Demand Draft?
Network Down
How is the family, bro
what is the online site to recharge
Oh what is this?
Is there any limit on the amount that could be transferred using NEFT?
Mobile data statement of last month is incorrect . Could you please check ?
May I know the bill amount for last three months?
How do I track my grievance?
Hello! My name is Watson.
Could you tell me my account balance
I want to change my shipping address
How is weather today?
What are you trying to do?
i need the voice call plan that i am using
What is my Bill plan cycle ?
are you new to this service?
let me complete
i am very happy with your assistance
I am really unhappy
I can provide more details
Please tell me the configuration settings for this handset.
My TP is not working
I need to practice my Hindi.
How's weather today?
you must use the media only for business purposes.
may god bless you.
I Just thought i will implement something new by myself
Spanish is the world's second most spoken first language, after Mandarin Chinese.
I need a new Airtel post paid number
Need some more information on this loan
could I make an appointment to see the manager
I want to open bank account
What is the feature of Unlimited Plan?
I am going out of india for 10 days
Can you please check my bill amount?
i am an indian
Ramesh named Tendulkar after his favourite music director, Sachin Dev Burman. Tendulkar has three elder siblings: two half-brothers Nitin and Ajit, and a half-sister Savita
Emergency exit is left side of the stairs
I love to read nobel
I like sweets.
You get all your money back
please open the door
learn good things in life
How can I delete my complaint for network coverage?
How to make call to landline operator?
What 3 famous people, living or dead, would you want at your fantasy dinner party?
What are the common access codes for Voice Mail?
If you had to leave earth on a spaceship and take 4 friends with you, who would they be?
How to create standing order through Internet Banking ?
How are the staff organised?
How can a customer be responsible for the mistake done by the company professional?
Do you have access for this account ?
Take Care. Good Byee.
Can I add more lines under myShare Plan outside of the 3 lines?
Yup I guss so, thanks a lot
please provide complete information regarding this issue.
i want to cancel my bookings
If I have an LTE device, where can I expect to see the new network?
Thank you very much for giving us your valuable time and information.
Oh, I'm so sorry to hear about that Ma'm. Don't worry, I'm here to help you out.
I already gave my number to the previous agent, but, here it is again, for the ninth time.
what are the benefits of this life insurance policy ?
my bill is still showing previous month outstanding,in spite of payment
will my billing cycle change
For my monthly recurring deposit, please transfer the respective amount from my savings banks
Please open my saving account.
do i have to pay any porting charge
do i need new sim for number porting
Is locker facility available in this bank?
why you have not changed my billing address
What is the outstanding balance of my loan account?
thanks for applying this plan
I need help in understanding my bill amount
One is our Platinum flyer card and the other is our Gold shopper card.
My money is neither in bank account nor did I get the benefit, what could be wrong?
i want to update my address in my passbook
kindly link my aadhar card details
After changing your address, press log out
How can I book Easy Money?
i want to activate caller tune services.
I have already taken Easy Money for the amount that I was eligible for and now I want to book another Easy Money, how can I do it?
How many cards can I register with CPP? How many cards can be blocked?
How much due do I have on my bill.
There are so many work pending
I want to take leave today
Where do you live?
Let's go to party
How to log off system
Will you do one thing
How does ear's machine work.?
what is the locking period for home loan
I like to visit new places
How can I opt for SI (Standing Instructions) or ECS (Electronic Clearance System)?
How do I recharge a Prepaid number?
How to unsubscribe from International Roaming?
How can user know balance of his account through internet banking ?
How do I get my PUK number?
How many times I can do national MNP - my job/business requires me to change location every 2/3 months can I apply for NMNP every time?
Can I submit present location’s address proof while doing MNP to another circle?
God is great
Hello my name is robert and i am calling from Bangalore.
rings are very precious
You can view the charges involved in international and local roaming for outgoing and incoming calls on our website
Are you facing issues on all services i.e. 2G, 3G & 4G
where are you working?
I am leaving..!!
What is the balance of my savings account?
Compare JIO data plan with Airtel data plan
what is the best data plan as per my usage for the past 3 months.
what is the best data plan as per my usage for the past 3 months.
I love my life
what is your name?
Can you please let me know about current data plans available with you
I want to change my bill plan
In IBM for any Human Resource help or complaint please connect with 8787.
I would like to introduce myself.
good moarning
In how many installments can you disburse the loan to me?
Thank you for calling IBM watson. Have a good day!
i love Hindi
My Internet is very slow, need help?
Can i put your call on hold for 1 minute to get the relevant information?
It drops all of sudden and reconnects on its own after a while.
just leave me
Do you have any other query
Lets talk about one example of  email requesting a refund for a faulty item bought online
how many days it will take to clear an out station cheque
Brics held in shyaman china
We offer a variety of options
I absolutely agree
How is the network speed in this area
What is my Account number ?
Recharge offers on daily basis are getting changed
My bill amount is incorrect
i have airtel SIM Card
my balance was deducted, cloud please explain
inconvenience is regretted
who closed my complaint ?
Thanks for resetting my ATM PIN.
Can you please confirm that are you facing this speed problem in a specific area?
Kindly help me with your billing address.
lets meet tomorrow..!!
My name is Pankaj
I’m looking for a computer.
How about the printer?
Do you need a printer?
i want to new sim connection can you please tell the procedure
Could you please check my talk time validity
Let's complete the formalities
The customer can take recourse to the Banking Ombudsman
These numbers are accessible from anywhere in India
How much does MNP cost?
My mobile balance is still getting deducted inspite of a free outgoing roaming pack activated on my number.
Give me some time to reset the pin
My new 4g sim is still not received.
How much data is left for me?
Postpaid is a type of connection where bill gets generated at the end of each bill cycle for your usage.
I want to swim
Ownership transfer can happen in any of the below scenarios:
Individual to company paid - Visit the nearest airtel relationship center with NOC from the company on its letter head,
Company paid to individual - Visit the nearest airtel relationship center with NOC from the company on its letter head
For activating the service:Dial **21*Mobile Number# Press OK button (or)Dial **002*Mobile Number# Press OK button.
How can I check the unbilled usage of my bill?
In my family plan how many family members can be added?
What is the current status update
Happy holidays
7 I need to open an fixed deposit
I want to deactivate my caller tune service.
I want you to change my address in my account.
i am istqb certified
please pay your payment
How I can transfer my mobile number to another person id?
15I want to apply for a credit card.Tell me the procedure.
Please tell me the name of plan I am using.
can you please explain the problem
please correct this process
I want to retrieve all my contact details?
Is there any additional charge for roaming calls
Please activate international calls on my number.
The weather is very nice
I want to activate 3G services.
Can you transfer my call to senior person ?
she knew the story already
can I please confirm your account details
How are you doing today?
Can you download account statement?
What is my bill amount
Your ATM pin changed succesfuly
There’s no way we’ll be able to give you the personal infor­ma­tion.
This is a nice song.
HOW DOES RECORD OUR DAILY WORK IN OUR SYSTEM?
please provide my password pin for credit card.
Is this your paper.
i am unable to browse internet
I appreciate your patience
i want to change my telephone bill plan
I want to pay my phone bill
fill in the Account Opening Form
This is exact opposite of Repo rate
SLR (Statutory Liquidity Ratio) is the amount a commercial bank needs to maintain in the form of cash, or gold or govt. approved securities (Bonds) before providing credit to its customers.
How secure is my Password?
How do I check the route of a train?
How can I check the Fare for my journey?
What should I do if I don't see the confirmation of my booking on my screen?
Is refund permissible against lost/misplaced I-tickets?
Is original ID card essential to carry on travelling in AC class for I-ticket passenger?
Any important information I need while roaming internationally?
How can I Activate/Deactivate any Value Added Services?
How will I know what Value Added Services is activated on my connection?
Teller is a staff member of the bank who cashes cheques, accepts deposits and perform different banking services for the general mass.
If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be?
A recharge order once placed cannot be cancelled.
Alerts and information from your Bank / Financial institution about your Bank accounts, Credit cards, Investments, Insurance policies & etc., are Transactional messages.
i want to change my home loan account password
i want an update on migration of phone number detail
i want to suspend my 3G internet
best plan for me according to my uses.
What is my rate of interest.
What is the current interest rate which your bank is offering on home loan?
How to create purchase order?
Why my phone bill is very high
what is my tariff plan
I am learning Hindi Language
I'll be glad to help you. May I please get your Bank Account number and the Name on the Account?
Is there anything else that I could assist you with?
I want to transfer my bank account to another branch.
You have a great day and Thank you for calling the bank.
I have lost my ATM card.
How to link adhaar card with bank account.
I want a cheque book.
How much interest on credit account?
How you would like to be intimated in case of huge amount of withdrawal from your account
How are you?
what is my bill amount for current month
I want to pay my electricity bill?? is there any discount ?
Are the payments allowed online
What is my account balance
Can you reset my account PIN
I am facing system error while accessing the account.
Sure, we have noted your request. You will receive a new cheque book in ten days to your address.
Can we have different bill cycle for both connections
who are you
HOW MUCH I USED MY DATA FOR THIS MONTH
I am facing Data Card related.
How to change my ATM Pin?
Who are you inviting for that party?
Does your bank have a locker system?
What's the name of your school?
You have pathetic services
Which class you are studying now?
only STD messaging services want to deactivate
What is worth seeing here?
Please provide the remittance details for my account?
HOW TO CREATE WORK TO INCREASE PRODUCTIVITY?
Unfortunately, that's not possible
where do i have to go for document verification process
Please write name of the college where the draft is to be paid.
I visited the service center to get new SIM but it is not working
How to update my corresponding address for getting Hard Copy of the Bill?
My internet is not working. What do I do?
How to apply online for cheque book
can u please change here
Can TDS influence the maturity of my Fixed Deposit?
My recharge is completed
I need help regarding my SIM card
You are using Watson.
How Can I make my Life premium payments through Bank ATMs?
I want to know additonal discount for my corporate bill plan
we should always tell the truth
Activate my data plan
What is the available balance on my account
Could you provide me a summarized bill for last six months?
How can I use the internet reservation facility to plan my journey?
What is the mode of Payment?
What are the different types of concessions available for Passengers?
What details should I provide to the Courier for delivery of my ticket?
What is grace period?
What is safe custody?
What are the charges of Safe custody?
How can I activate national roaming on my Idea number?
How can I start using my Idea phone when I am roaming?
Leverage Ratio is a financial ratio which gives us an idea or a measure of a company’s ability to meet its financial losses.
Fiscal Deficit  is the amount of Funds borrowed by the government to meet the expenditures.
What is a Credit Information Company?
What are the documents required for add-on card application processing?
When and where will I receive the physical statements for my credit card?
What is the meaning of tool?
what's your name
Why my bill amount is more this billing cycle?
when will my complaint get resolved
What is the Sales Order Number?
you want to have an itemized bill
How to unlock your internet banking user id?
How much data I have used till today in this month
Transaction alert is sent to the registered mobile number
please provide the roaming plans available on my mobile number.
how can i change my cellphone operator
How I can get ATM pin?
For Security reason can i have your registered email id please ?
Dear Subscribers, kindly do not respond to missed calls from unknown international numbers or calls about winning prizes or lottery.
I have a network coverage Problem
Watch videos on the go with quick and seamless video streaming.
Please do not share your Password
How can i activated 4G services on my number.
Create and confirm your new ATM PIN.
I have been charged incorrect bill amount for caller tune services. Can you please check and stop that service?
Please help me to send the credit card statement on my mail.
believe in GOD
I would like to apologize for all the inconvenience caused. Please let me know your concern so that I can help you.
I am not able to receive messages.
Select the Account Number
I will be happy to help.
I would like to apologize for the inconvenience caused. I do understand the inconvenience you have been going through.
do you need any other help?
Can I please put your call on the hold?
please tell me some new data plans.
Please stay on the line
Can you deactivate this service
My ATM card is blocked. How to unblock it?
How can I open my Fixed Deposit account in your Bank?
I Want to deactivate value added caller tune.
I want to port my number from Idea to Vodafone
What is BillPay ATM?
Why i have been charged for VAS (Value Added Service)?
Any eligible Pre-Paid and Post-Paid (GSM / CDMA) mobile users can port.
How do i deactivate my number ?
Should law enforcement be required to get a warrant before accessing my emails and texts?
Will privacy be an enforcement priority for the FTC?
GST is one indirect tax for the whole nation
You manager has asked you to build a high accuracy model
Hello,how can I help you?
we will fix it immediately
What is Cash to Cash type of transfer ?
How do I avail the roaming feature on my  Pre-paid connection?
Can I block my Idea connection if I’ve lost the SIM card?
why are you sad?
Sir, I can provide technical support  to resolve this problem .
You have not recharged your number with the data package facilities.
how can I get my cheque cancelled
confirm the email address registered on the new sim.
I want to order for a Demand draft
I am not getting network signal on my phone after replacing the new SIM?
Walk into an mobile store at the location you plan to move to..
How can I port my SIM
how much will i be charged for new sim activation
You can choose e-bill through My Account or by sending and SMS 'ebill space your email id" to 121 from your Mobile phone number.
may I know your registered mobile number?
Could you provide me a summarized bill for last three months?
I work for IBM.
Thank you Watson.
Please remove caller tune from my number
I am getting anonymous calls even though DND is active for my number.
Process of activate 3G on phone?
What are you looking for?
What are details of my loan account?
What are the charges for education related VALUE ADDED SERVICE available on my mobile number?
Bank at its discretion may levy charges for issue and dispatch of personalized cheque book  in  future.
Avoid sending high value cheques via post.
London is farther than Moon
Please guide me about the procedure.
With what amount can I start my account.
i am getting calls from unknown numbers frequently. Please check let me know what can be done
are you going do exercise daily?
How do i setup ECS?
Please deactivate my account as i am using an another account for sometime.
Please activate my roaming pack for 4 days.
where do you stay?
we are transferring your call
what is my postpaid bill?
i want to know 3g plan
Can I pay from any of my accounts with the Bank?
I have already read this book.
How can i get my Duplicate bill?
Please check, I am facing the speed issue in my mobile network
I don’t mind paying the annual fee. What can I do with the reward points?
Could you please provide my previous month bill in detail
i want to deactivate my roaming pack.
How can i reactivate the previous plans on my number?
Tell me my id card associate with my mobile number ?
I have any data plan offer on my mobile number ?
Can you check last 3 month payment  of my datacard bill ?
I have done a wrong recharge
Previous month amount got added to current month bill,in spite of paying in time.
May i know what issue you are facing?
Good Morning
where do you work
thank you
All indians show their unity when match is going on between india and pakistan.
Why my signal is weak in my location ?
when can I take disbursement of the loan?
How to link Aadhar Card to PAN card?
Where are you from?
do you have a pen
I need 6 month statement for my bank account.Please let me know the process for the same.
How will bank decide the loan amount I am eligible for?
Is my Savings bank interest subjected to income tax?
India is a great country
My product quality is not good
With pleasure.
how are you feeling today?
Now, it’s your right to know that this offer is only valid for a year. Afterwards, you will pay the market price.
bank representative : Sir, this call is to remind you that you have to submit the KYC documents
Kindly re-run this failed job.
How much is my data usage currently?
What are tariff plan available?
What is my name?
please activate my roaming pack
I am not sure, but let me find out for you
what are the charges for STD calls?
i faced issue in call connectivity during roaming.
Are you getting network signals on your phone
good morning, please can you help me reset my ATM PIN.
In order to use the activated international roaming services without any hassles, you need to do following settings.
Is data roaming ON on your phone.
My mobile bill plan is incorrect for current month
What is the meaning of Capital?
What is the meaning of goods return?
No withdrawal from atm but amount debited
When will my home loan be approved ?
I raised a query regarding my postpaid bill, day before yesterday and I haven't received any resolution from your end. Let me know, if this can be resolved at your end, else I will escalate this.
I found 1 incorrect amount in my last month's account statement.
What will happen to my existing balance in case I stay with same service provider?
Do I need to apply for NMNP in present location or after going into new circle?
What is the process for MNP for Walky?
Can I Restrict the STD mobile calling on my connection?
I am calling your customer care to inform you that I have changed my billing address.
How do I update my mobile number for alert facility?
How are you?
Hi, This is Anjana, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing Today?
Hi, This is Jyotsna, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Niharika, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Shivraj, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
how may i help you today?
If I do MNP what will be the impact in my bill?
Salman khan has a good body shape
What are the acceptable forms of payment ?
What is roaming between networks ?
I have a car.
I want to settle in USA
Voice quality of this Phone is not good
This is the General Details of this account
I am Chandan Singh, and have some issues related to my last bill.
That's alright, Sydney! It is Wan.
How to check remaining data in a particular plan?
what is the maturity date of my loan?
What is Register & Pay?
What are the part payment charges for a Education Loan?
What are the part payment charges for a Education Loan?
What are the part payment charges for Two Wheeler Loan?
What is the late payment penalty on a Home Loan?
i want a home loan.
Send me my credit card statement for last financial year.
I would like to request for a cheque book.  Please help understand the process
I have lost my mobile and I do not want misuse of this number till the time i get my sim back or re-issued.
what is my present billing address?
How many days will take to activate the new Number?
Since last week I am also facing call drop issue can you please resolve it urgently?
Which is the best FD plan?
What will be the EMI for my Credit Card Purchase?
How can I port my number to some other operator?
how can I check my balance
How to increase credit limit of credit card.
what will be the extra charge after the free data plan is over?
What are the best scheme for home loan and which bank is providing the minimum interest rate.
He got a lot of money.
When are my invoices paying for payment?
Why are my payments getting delayed by a month?
how can I get my banking information changed ?
Provide me with the balance of my account
I want to migrate my phone number to a different state
Tell me about yourself
What attracted you to this company?
My credit card has expired.
What is your salary history?
How long will it take for you to make a significant contribution?
What would be your ideal working environment?
Tell me about your proudest achievement
What are you most proud of?
What negative thing would your last boss say about you?
What will you miss about your present and last job?
What are the qualities of a good leader? A bad leader?
Do you think a leader should be feared or liked?
There is no right or wrong answer, but if you could be anywhere in the world right now, where would you be?
What do you like to do for fun?
What do you do in your spare time?
The bank increased the rate on my variable home equity line of credit without providing any notice. Can it do this?
What kind of car do you drive?
Which plant produce seed but not fruit?
The compressed gas available in cooking gas cylinder is a mixture of which gases?
I require a Micro or Nano SIM for my tablet/handset?
Do we have any customer support facility?
The lower limit and upper limit vary according to the bank.
what all documents i need to submit to take new mobile connection.
What is Home Loan all about?
What is Register & Pay?
How can I check the payment schedule for my loan?
My name is Avinash.
What are the part payment charges for a Car Loan?
What are the part payment charges for a Personal Loan?
What is the late payment penalty on a Home Loan?
What is the late payment penalty on a Education Loan?
What is the late payment penalty on Two Wheeler Loan?
What is the late payment penalty on Personal Loan?
How do I reset my ATM Pin
How soon does the beneficiary receive the money?
I want to change my bill plan
Thank you for being on line, it will take some more time to check your information please be on line..
What is my bill amount
Grace period of 5 days to pay instalment will be available to Customer.
How do I register for TPT (Third Party Transfer) services online?
Will I be charged for IPIN regeneration?
the joint holder type deposit receipt may be issued jointly to two adults or jointly to an adult and a minor
payable to either of the holders or to the survivor: Provided that in the case of joint holder type deposit, the deduction from income under section 80C
The maturity period of a Deposit receipt of any denomination shall be five years commencing from the date of the receipt. There shall be no auto renewal facility for the Deposit.
Interest on Term/Fixed Deposits is reckoned/ paid at quarterly / monthly intervals and at the rate/s applicable as on the value date of opening of Term/Fixed Deposits
What is the billing statement date?
What is my bill amount
Please start conference facility on my mobile number .
i want to check my account detail in AXIS account
i want to you check and explain my phone bill
i want to know latest 4g internet packs
Can you please help to stop Unwanted SMS
Late payment fees have been deducted from my bill. However taxes have not been deducted from the bill . Please remove the taxes and send the bill again.
i want to port my number to other network. Can you tell me the procedure for this.
What is my birth place
How is your mother
what is the last date of payment?
my bill amount is wrong.
That's alright.
That's alright.
I work with IBM India for last 2 year.
Why did a certain amount deduct from my balance?
What is my data balance
You can simply disregard the amount indicated in the bill and continue enjoying our services.
May I keep you on Hold for some time?
How to withdraw cash from my savings account?
Can I transfer my mobile connection to different circle?
Can I recharge my Pre-paid account after the expiry of the grace period?
I have a car
I want to go delhi
I am Calling because I received a wrong bill
I want to apply for a new phone connection
I want duplicate bill for this month
Please tell me the process to activate 4G in my account?
where did you went for your last vacations
i want to change my data plan
I want to pay my phone bill
How do I know if I am on 4G network?
Who has impacted you most in your career and how?
What is your greatest fear?
What is the last book you read?
How to ace a job interview with no interviewer
What kind of personality do you work best with and why?
Why is there fuzz on a tennis ball?
How would you feel about working for someone who knows less than you?
What attracted you to this company?
Can the bank place a hold on deposits made in cash?
I opened a new checking account, but the bank will not let me withdraw my funds immediately.
What is the Branch of biology in which we study about relationship between living and their environment?
Well, we have two cards which best suit your needs. One is our Platinum flyer card, the other is our Gold shopper card.
In a stationary longitudinal wave, nodes are points of which variation?
Which crop enrich the soil with nitrogen?
In the leaf of tobacco what is found?
Can you connect me to your higher official?
After choosing the option of Standing Instruction transaction, do I need to initiate my transaction again on the scheduled date?
We hereby authorize the Bank to debit my account & execute the standing instruction as per instruction provided above
you have to go to home branch sir
Please let me know what recharge offers are available on my number
Can I activate Auto Debit on Personal loan on credit card account?
I have not received my monthly phone bills in email account.
Which credit card gives the maximum air miles?
How can I reach iâ€“Assist?
How can I modify the Standing Instruction on Debit Card details set for a biller
What is the minimum/maximum amount for RTGS/NEFT transactions?
How many times can I change the present limit on card?
What are the different kind of alerts I can receive on my credit card?
How can I change my credit card User ID?
What is the process of opening new email account
My bill amount is incorrect.
Kindly activate roaming service of my mobile.
Sorry for the inconvenience madam
Sir,you just need to provide us a copy of your ration card and driving license.
Thank you sir, have a nice day
I will tell you about the great features of cloud computing device
I want to get my account transferred to another place, Could you advise
How far is your company from your house?
your details got matched
how are you
In case the deposit holder does not want the Tax to be deducted at source, they may submit Form 11G
Where can I view my Credit Card statement?
What is your name?
will my No. change
I have lost my debit card. So I want to raise a request to block my card immediately
My village is in India.
There was lot of traffic jam on the roads today which caused delay in reaching office.
Hello Watson, Nice to hear you.
I want to have tea.
WHAT IS MY CURRENT PHONE PLAN ?
I am unable to access my account.
Please go to the first counter on the left side.
How can I change my billing plan?
I am not feeling well today
I have paid my bill
I want to deactivate flash message service
can you please help me
I want to deactivate my roaming plan.
Lets me ask to Laghu
there are so many new things
Could you please issue me a new cheque book book?
I want to know the joint holder name and balance on the account?
Let's meet today
Please give me this book
I am working since 2.5 years in IBM.
Thank you for contacting airtel
What the hell is this?
I need a payment receipt for my payment
I WANT TO CHANGE MY BILL PLAN
how can i check my data balance
I want to recover my balance.
what are the plans under 250 per month
by when will this get resolved
i did not understand, can you repeat
what is benefit Life Insurance Corporation  Jeevan Arogya Plan?
Hello! How may I help you
What is your favourite technology
It's absolutely free! You don't need to spend anything
I want to change my mailing address
I need help to get my ATM pin
I need one year statement of my credit card from September last year
How to unsubscribe from International Roaming?
What do I do if I have a faulty or damaged sim?
Click the Latest bill link on the left-hand side
i love you
my debit card is lost
By choosing this option, you are requesting to relocate your services
there is always better than the best
heart is always upper than brain
birds can fly in the sky
i love music
If your request is approved, you can expect the funds to hit your account within 2 days.
I’m sorry to hear our product or service didn’t fit your needs.
our website is extremely secure.
I have not received ATM PIN of my debit card, Can you please let me know how can I get it?
How do I upgrade my plan for international roaming?
How much experience you have?
HOW TO WITHDRAW MONEY FROM BANK?
What is the last payment date on my loan?
What is the last payment date on my car loan?
What is the last payment date on my education loan?
can you activate international roaming on my phone.
I want to reduce my outstanding loan amount by paying partial payment
How old is your son?
I want to access the service but have forgotten my Customer ID. What do I do?
Is it possible to open a Locker in joint names?
I want to upgrade the internet plan
How do we make buttermilk?
How could we grow hairs?
How to make ice cream?
Without looking, guess what time it is
I want a copy of bill
I want to transfer my landline number to another address
I want options on auto payment
How much is my internet bill
Roaming charge is more than it is mentioned.
I want to convert the interest rate on my home loan from 10% to 8.5%
How much GB data plan do you use on monthly basis?
Can you send me the last month statement to my email ID?
what are the repayment options will I get?
My working style is different from others.
My mobile phone bill for this month is less than yours.
Why my bill amount is not right ?
What is the full name of BPO?
what is the model of laptop
Please hold the line I am transferring your call to concern department.
Congratulations on your new job!
I want to know the Intrest for my FD Fund
Procedure to Recharge
New Connection
Refund Enquiry
what's my plan name
i want to activate international roaming pack
I want to de activate my sim
Network speed is very slow.
Have you ever been abroad?
How long is my billing period?
I would like to update new address
You immediately stop this service
I will help you
like this you can purchase it
can you please conform your date of birth and aadhar number
How do I open an Account?
What is my billing cycle date
I want to stop credit card bill hard copy
I wanted to get my detail bill.
Group plan offers for my sim
Please activate my sim
However, demand drafts are difficult to countermand
We have three cards available with a Rs 50,000 spending limit
My recharge is failing again n again
I want to cancel my credit card
Thank you for calling bank.
Please activate 3G service.
Is there any extra charge for recharging?
My bill amount is incorrect
To repeat menu options
We apologize for the wait
How can I pay my bill?
Can I change my email address?
How can I do the network test in my area.
What all documents required for number porting
I will file a case on you.
what is the rate of interest on fixed deposit.
I want to know about the new bill plans.
Good Morning
what is my balance amount?
I want to know more about
What are the requirements to increase credit card limit?
Whom do I contact for the network related issues
what is you name ?
i want full refund in return
i want to delete my massage box
i want to transfer my fixed income account
you customer service is very good
i want to change in address detail in all  fixed account
No, that’s all thank you.
I want the EMIs to be charged to my account automatically.
How can I register for Online Credit Card service?
If we do the transaction over the phone or online, our team will still contact you for verification prior sending your money to a different bank. The whole process usually just takes 2-3 days.
Thank you very much for sharing these information with me
Kindly close my account.
I am not able to use internet
Tell me my current bill and last day to pay it.
Do you have issues with your network ?
I’d like to leave him a message
How can I get one single bill for my various numbers?
I did not get any physical statement of my saving account
I did not get my welcome kit through mail till now
I did not get my welcome kit of my current account through mail till now
I want to know information related to my locker in your bank.
My permanent address is incorrect.
I am having issues accessing mobile banking site
What is the process to get the foreign currency
What are the available Airtel tariff plans for IBM corporate users
I am facing this issue since when I have shifted to this new location.
How can I help you
Blockchain is the world's leading software platform for digital assets.
Have a nice day
Today is my 1st anniversary
What is the procedure to open a bank account ?
How much time will it take to reach office today?
How are you?
How can I give porting request?
Deactivate messaging services on my number
I want to change my billing address
I need physical statement of my credit card on my current account.
How can i get my faulty sim card replaced?
Please de link my family pack.
I wanted to know the status of last service request
What is the current tariff for internet data services?
What is the discounted tariff for prepaid connection?
My billing address is incorrect
What are you doing?
I want to change the branch address for my account
How to open a joint account?
Hello. I’d like, some information on the telephone banking services offered by you.
I love sweets
Can I make my spouse a co-borrower?
How long can be the loan tenure
Can I transfer the loan multiple times
Can i can apply for two cards for the same account ?
this is how our brain work as you are learning.
What is my branch's IFSC code?
Diwali is on 19th October this year.
Diwali is a festival of lights.
Any corporate plan which does not have Roaming charges
How to open an account with national bank?
customer : ok, do i need to submit online or need to submit in any of your office ?
That is not good.
Why does February has 29 days ?
i lost my phone and i need a new sim card
I want to convert my saving account into salary account.
How can i convert my current rate plan to corporate plan ?
My bill amount is incorrect
i need to update my phone number associated with my account
What is the balance in my savings account?
I want a cheque book
When is the museum open?
customer : ok Thank you for your support
what is my account current balance amount.
The Box he found was empty
Did you got solution against your issue?
Please dispatch my invoice to my billing address
i want to change my Address
How to change my bill plan.
i want to change my bill plan
Pelease hold your line for some time.
I like sweet
How can i get my email address updated in the database?
An empty vessel sounds much.
How can i change my billing address?
what is my name ?
What is Mobile Recharge?
Does the recharge happen immediately?
Is partial disbursement possible?
I would like to merge my account with my husband
Could we just go back to our old record? Please?
hello, How are you doing?
In my new shifted apartment, I do not receive internet signals.
My name is Anu Jain
My mobile does not make call
I need your help to solve the problem
I want a cheque book.
i am a teacher
Can you please do a small favor for me.
how many minimum connections required for starting a family pack?
How can I contact Customer Care while roaming within India?
Can someone else complain on my behalf ?
I have came to different location than previous please activate roaming plan.
How do I reset my PIN?
Please let me know how can I help you today.
HOW TO DEPOSIT MONEY IN BANK?
What is the last payment date on my car loan?
I love trekking
how can i change the bill cycle
How to Respond to a Customer Asking for a Product or Feature You Don’t Currently Have
what would be my emi amount for the bill of rs 10000 for 12 months?
I want to deactivate Flash messages on my number.
Can you tell me the balance of my savings account?
Besides adding to your streaming experience with speeds similar to home broadband connections, 4G brings with it a gamut of services that demand high bandwidth.
Choose Debit Card PIN and click on 'Generate now'
Could you please help me to recharge my number
I want to complain regarding disturbance in  my phone line
I had a fight with me best friend.
Can you see your an ID card.
Visit the nearest ATM
You will get your details through mail
4G network in some of the area's is weak, how to increase the network connectivity
How to change the Caller tune in mobile ?
beauty lies in eyes of beholder
I want to know about some best offers for my mobile number.
What information you required?
what is the full form of GST
will you be comfortable for face to face interview for tomorrow?
This message contains graphics.
What are STD charges ?
I am unable to use internet
What is the process of mobile number portability.
What was the result?
I am testing watson.
the password has been reset for team member
What are the different roaming plans?
i want to raise a new cheque book request
Requesting for help
how is the weather ?
are you married?
when i can schedule interview for you?
Recently Indian PM went to Myanmar what was the bilateral agreement ?
My name is sunil k pal.
will you go to school tomorrow?
Is India secular country ?
Nobody is above than rule of law . Why ?
what is my name?
My boss will not say 'yes'.
Our train stopped suddenly.
Hi How are you?
I paid my bill 2 days ago, but my payment is still not reflected and I am getting calls and reminders to pay the bill.
I want to change my bill plan
I want to change my operator?
Is there a way I can be confirming my balance other than though the ATM?
how much validity is remaining in my mobile balance
I want to know my mobile data balance
Is economic right belong to Fundamental Right of the Constitution of the India
Can you please let me know about roaming charges ?
I want to Deactivate SMS Service
How to make online bill payment
It has been great experience of working with all of you.
hope you are happy with the solution.
your account has gone below the minimum limit of balance amount
inviting the bull to hit you
Why did i get charge for data on roaming
Who saw a peacock dance in the woods
My System is not working properly.
can you please send me the bill details ?
Thanks fo r resolving the issue ?
Why my data is not working in roaming
My ATM card is blocked.
I paid my bill 10 days back
what is my phone number?
Hello Is there a network down
I want to know about my bill plan
My prepaid connection is not yet activated!
How are you
Yes, I have an agreement from stakeholders.
Hello! How are you?
which sim have you purchased ?
How may I help you
Hello Who is the change owner
How can i activate and deactivate Do Not Disturb services?
How can I set ATM pin?
What can we do to make your experience with us better?
I want to change my current bill plan .
ICCID is to identify your SIM internationally.
I have paid my October month bill but still it is coming unpaid
please introduce yourself
I was writing since 1 hour
Is there any penalty on stop payment of a cheque ?
Sim has many offers like 1 GB data for 1 month , free messaging and free calling.
How can i got my duplicate bill ?
what is average comsumption of my 4g data per day
i would like to change seating arrangement
i want to change my billing cycle
I want to activate miss call alert on my number.
I want to take two new connections
My aquaguard is not working.No water is coming from the outlet and water level is not increasing in the filter.Please come and check the filter.
Do you have a requirement of a home loan ?
What is your name?
how are you ?
Tajmahal is in Agra
I do not want to continue with you
Hey, I’ve still got problems with my phone. I already called 2 hours ago, do you remember?
can i talk with your senior manager
How is the review on movie Morgan ?
what are the specifications of watson?
Cash has not  been withdrawn from ATM but deducted from my account.
What is my email address as per your records?
Do I have approved car loans
what are the various value added services?
I need the information about my current tariff.
I had paid the entire bill for last month via online payment.
Please take your seat. Tell me what can I do for you?
Please create Citrix account for new user as per attached form.
what  should be the minimum amount in my account
I am going home.
You should deposit at least Rs. 500/- if you need cheque book, you have to maintain a minimum balance of Rs. 1000/-
Please hold while I look for the record.
Please provide duplicate bill for the month of August 2017
i want a solution as soon as possible.
For any more query, contact to help desk.
Please bear with me.
i need my credit card statement for last 3 months
What is your age?
Is Service tax applicable on this EMI conversion process?
Is Jewelry/Gold transaction eligible for EMI conversion?
How to register for placing standing instruction on debit card?
I guess, that would be all for today. Thanks again! Bye!
Are you happy for me to proceed?”
If you would like to know our regular business hours and location, press 4.
How can one transact at an ATM?
Can these cards be used at any bank ATM in the country?
What is the due date of our invoice's?
can i open fixed deposit on my mother's name
How to deactivate my lost debit card?
can i open fixed deposit on my wife's name
Is my mother is needed to open fixed deposit on her name
I would like to change my bill plan. Can you please help?
How can I change my bill plan?
I want to talk to your supervisor or manager. Can you forward this call to them?
Today i will be on leave due to cold.
Thanks you for your support.
Hi, This is Kritika, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Bank Manager: you may visit the nearest bank branch of our bank and collect the form , Please fill it up and then get it introduced by a person who already has an account  in this bank.
Hi, This is Pragya, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Rajni, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
I need to pay for an important transaction but haven't received my OTP - help!
I need bill amount for claim
Just bear with me for a moment
thank you for using our live chat service
My bill amount is incorrect
any suggestions ?
this service is free of cost
thanks for choosing us
My bill amount is incorrect
i want to know the taxes added in my bill
yes sir i am 100% sure
Responses for Ending the Chat
How to Handle a Customer Asking for a Discount
How to Respond to a Service Interruption Question
What are key attributes of a customer service representative?
There's a charge for a feature or service on my bill that I don't recognize. What should I do?
What are the current offers available
What are the key features you think that customer associate should possess to become perfect customer associate?
What are the key features you think that customer associate should possess to become perfect customer associate?
I reside in Delhi
please activate DND service on my phone.
I work as a Tester.
Please change my data plan
What is loan duration
I am hungry
I need some help in my work.
Please confirm your full name.
have a nice day
What is the periodicity of the bill ?
How are you doing today?
What is my mobile number?
where do you stay
It is great to have Watson to translate languages for you.
What is your phone number?
I am very sorry for the inconvenience
I want to know about new plans
Never share your Internet banking password & ATM PIN with anyone
I want to Change my data service provider.
I am not happy with the services i am getting from you.
Can you help me opening a house loan
I am satisfied with the customer service.
I want to change my bill cycle.
i want to change my existing plan.
When is a good time to call?
I want to deactivate my postpaid connection.
Can all customers make a payment towards their Loans?
How can i apply for a home loan?
What is my data balance
We must restore hope to young people, help the old, be open to the future, spread love. Be poor among the poor. We need to include the excluded and preach peace.
I want to change my bill plan.
8. What Will be the penalty for late payment?
How can i help you ?
Go get some sleep
kindly pay the amount of 250 rupees for your data card plan.
I need something innovative to work on.
Under which situations should reset of factory settings be done?
what is my first car
How often can I change plans?
i want to change my bill plan
Where is my ATM PIN?
i want to apply for credit card ?
My head was sore.
what is my billing cycle
How can I get my Address updated for my internet connection
how to change my mailing address
Communicate how your customers communicate
my bill amount is not right
can i speak to your manager
Increase customer service representative productivity
can you send me the bill on mail
what is you plan
i want to report the loss of my card
How do you do?
It takes about 10 minutes by bus.
How can I check?
I love my Job
We really appreciate you bringing this to our attention!
How often do you read books?
What are the documents required at the time of applying mobile connection
What are the permitted timings for Telemarketers?
An SMS gateway is the means through which a computer can send or receive SMS messages.
Why do we need Customized Caller Tunes?
where do you work?
please replace my sim
I want to activate 3G service on my mobile number.
how to get successful in any job interview
My phone is my best friend.
How can I block my card
How much time it will take to get my billing address changed?
Is there any document required to change the billing address?
Loan Balance
Is there any service charges on demand draft?
I did not receive my ATM Pin yet
Should I have a Account in the bank?
Can i pay in cash to get a Demand Draft?
I want refund
Can a demand draft get cancelled?
Change Address
Explanation Of Bill
Tariff Plans
how to change credit limit?
I feel very bad
What is the current balance outstanding on my loan?
Is their any family plan available.
Where is my welcome kit ?
What all documents are required to open account ?
The service which I received a couple of days ago was not up to the mark.
How to change bank branch for my nominee?
How to change name for my nominee?
always think positive
IBM is good Multinational company to work independently to achieve your dream
Show transactions from last 6 Months.
i want to change my office address in my bank details
Incredible IBM
I am going to marry very soon
go from here
I need emergency leave
I have pain in waist
I want to change my internet plan.
I need last month full call log history
Most of the time my phone is unreachable
For applying prepaid connection you need to visit nearest Mobile store
I want to enquire about locker
deactivate my service messages
I requested for mobile number portability one week back, I didn't receive the Mobile Nunber Portability code yet.
Where is my credit statement for saving account ?
i want to change current status of my fixed account to saving
What would be interest rate on EMIs?
i want to close my music service
It's a good day today at Bank of Wealth, my name is Heather, How can I help you?
When is late payment charge levied?
Can I convert my iPhone spend of one lakh via credit card to equated monthly installments?
I want to have 24 EMIs.
Please help to issue a cheque book for my account.
To select a plan you need to select your circle.
Need to request for RD and FD.
where is my bag
What is my data balance ?
I want to configure Wireless Access on my android
Yes, it is.
Well, there are. I need you to look back there again and find the other cable.
I want to know details of services for prepaid customers.
I want to know details about company's latest 3G handset.
What are the benefits of having a Current/Saving Account for my Business loan?
Can you please check history of your transactions?
Address change of address is possible on call?
Whom should I contact for Fixed Deposit maturity?
What will be the maturity value of my fixed deposit?
My recharge is done
Thanks for help
Will I be able to enrol without paying my fees for providing US with evidence of sponsorship?
Please block mu sim card
Please block my sim card immediately
HOW TO REQUEST OR RESET MY ATM PIN?
how can i help you
I want to log a complaint that my Broadband connection is very slow
please pay your pending dues.
Who the hell are you
What is the time?
What is your account number?
Agriculture is not only the dominant occupations of the people of India but is also one of the most important economic sectors for the country.
India Gate is a memorial to 82,000 soldiers of the Indian Army who died in the period 1914–21 in the First World War
Notice that the purpose is business success
I want to change my Bill Plan
HOW TO AVOID PEN AND PAPER IN OFFICE?
Can you advice me with a better data plan as my mobile data usage has recently increased.
Can you please provide me a bank statement of my transactions for the past 3 weeks ?
Can I block my SIM if my phone is lost?
I want to enquire about MNP to other operators.
When ATM-cum-Debit card is lost or misplaced what immediate steps are to be taken?
how can i get the statement of my account?
I have lost my credit card so i need to block it.
I wants to cancel all automated payments?
How many wires will be installed for the phone connection
We have multiple service numbers on our account with our existing provider. Must we transfer all of these?
How can I change the CallerTune of my phone
i want to deposit money in the bank
How can I change my address?
Can I talk to your supervisor because you are not able to answer me?
my corporate data plan is not working can you please tell me the reason
I lost my card
whereas cheques are orders of payment from an account holder to the bank
Are the customers eligible for compensation for delays beyond 7 working days?
How much money can be withdrawn from an ATM?
Just enjoy the convenience of paying back in easy EMI.
A onetime Processing Fee of 1.5% or Rs. 150, whichever is higher will be charged to your Credit Card account on the rate of conversion.
What is my Bill Plan?
there are 29 states in India
Can I pay for Safe Custody charges online?
Delhi is the capital of India
What are the packs on National Roaming and how can you activate the packs?
i want to deactivate my account.
Work is worship.
work is worship
Thank you for giving your valuable time
What are they, and what are the benefits of one vs. another
Where are you going?
My browser is not working
What is hyperledger
Good Morning
I am traveling for next 2 days. Please enable my roaming.
how do i find an atm nearby?
how do i escalate a complaint ?
Standing instructions are a way of making an automatic payment of a fixed amount to a loan, bill, or credit card at the same time every week or month.
I need to activate roaming facility
My Internet is not working
Whether customers have to recharge with any Special Tariff Voucher / Plan to avail Free Roaming?
Hard work is foundation for a smart work
I want to pay my phone bill
Hello, thank you for calling IBM, I am Watson, how may I help you today?
Will keeping the modem on make any difference in the download limits?
I would like to make a Donation online.
You are stupid.
How do I benefit if the interest is calculated on a daily reducing balance?
How can I choose the best checking account for me?
How will you resolve this current issue?
I have applied for MNP. What is the status?
Does Bank of America participate in the FDIC’s Transaction Account Guarantee Program?
send me my full detailed bill
Would you like to have a cup of tea?
Can you check the date of the bill?
Will I get an invoice for my recharge order?
How can I view my past recharge orders placed?
Do you need to escalate this issue?
my sim card is not working.
Customer Promotion Change has been changed without prior notification
my bill amount is Rs 200
Yes. You can recharge for your family, friends & loved ones using the same account.
How to cancel a Prepaid purchase?
i want to know about roaming plan?
May I put your call on hold
Can you tell me your address?
What are the charges for Mobile Number Porting?
What is the solution of my problem?
Do have any future plan for  your life?
I want to reset my ATM Pin
May i  help you for your career building?
I am not getting OTP on my registered mobile number. Please check immediately.
I want to change the communication address linked with my bank account. Kindly let me know the procedure
do we have to submit any documents for the new locker request?
Sorry for the inconvenience madam. May I have your account no please.
check network strength at your area.
the voice quality of my network is very poor
thank you for your services
Ok Awesome.
If you want to activate your sim then please dial this number. Thank you!
I want to deactivate the caller tune service
Is there anything for which I can be of any help.
My bill for last month has extra changes added to it.
I wanted to know whether I could enrol for a locker service
Please note that you can now roam internationally freely without fear of bill shocks! If your daily billing, crosses our daily pack value for that country.
By what time can I expect the number to get ported?
Customer Care:  How may I assist you ?
Who are involved in Porting process
What is postpaid? I want to know the various plans available
How are you
How to close file?
what is my gender?
who had introduced watson?
How to save the files in network.?
What is the roll of Watson
How to co-relate Watson to IBM.?
Can you please let me know the last billed statement
Can I get last month's duplicate bill?
There is network problem in our area.
Please Hold on while I look for the information
Hello how are you
Please provide me information about this plan
I am happy to help you.
How many connection I have on my cellphone network?
please read my question fully
How much did this item cost ?
I want to speak to your supervisor
can u speak slowly?
I want to buy a new mobile connection
how can i change my billing address?
how to complain about spam calls ?
I did what you suggested but it's still not working
have you lost your sim card
Confirm your account number.
Do you have an appointment.
How may I help you?
what is your qualification ? Are you survive if i have not paid you some months?
where i your home?
5.Which features are charged at nominal rates?
How can open my new bank account
How do I submit my expense claim?
When did you make payment by online banking?
11.How can i cancel my purchase?
please help me reset my pin
Your account reactivation will take time please have patience
What is the best data plan for me?
What are the yearly locker charges?
How many types of lockers are there ?
Have a nice day
why family planning is important?
What is new plans
Why should we listen others carefully?
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Anil, How may I assist you?
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Sumayla, How may I assist you?
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Shivam, How may I assist you?
i am doing lots of work
i am hard working
How can I update my PAN details in my credit card account?
How should I ensure safety of my card?
How much do you charge for Concierge Travel / Medical / Emergency ?
I have always got a headache
What is the process to get a call from customer care based on my availability?
You may be right.
Now, how does that feel sir?
For Payment only billers you need set frequency of payment and Start and End date of service
If my bill amount exceeds the Standing Instruction on Debit Card limit, will the bill get processed?
MY DATA USAGE IS VERY LOW
Please pickup my call as i have one query regarding recharges.
How can I increase Credit limit on my Fixed deposit Insta card?
Do I have to carry my credit card while collecting the tickets?
I'm entitled to receive Complimentary Jet Airways base fare ticket code on the Jet Airways credit card. Where will I receive the base fare waiver ticket code?
Who can be offered Credit Builder Program (CBP)?
Are there any charges for redemption of reward points?
How to place request for interest calculation sheet?
How should I set up Auto Debit on my credit card?
What happens in the case of a disputed card transaction on my credit card?
I'm unable to do online/Swipe transactions on credit card. Kindly help?
How do I find out the status of the gifts I have ordered?
Is i need to go bank branch to get demand draft
what is cancellation charge of demand draft
Is i can apply demand draft with cash money
i want a new plan on my number
I want to reduce my credit limit
i have wrong number as ordered
i want to book a new fixed deposit.
i want to request for a new debit card
Hi. I would like to apply for a credit card
What is the process for caller tune activation ?
I want to port my number
I want to reset my caller tune
What is pre-paid subscription?
this is full moon night
How do i check my data usage?
Try connecting to the internet after sometime.
How  do you check account balance?
My name is Sanjib
why my bill is so high
Lord Krishna was born in Mathura
Good photography is an art
I have lost my ATM card and the address on my passbook is of my old house, so if I request for new ATM it would deliver ATM there, Could you please provide me advice for getting ATM at the earliest?
Your balance is low.
my bill amount is incorrect?
I want to change my bill plan
Single holder type deposits -- The single holder type deposit receipt shall be issued to an individual for himself
What is the process for IPIN (password) regeneration?
my hobbies are dance and writing song
tit for tat
Only individuals and HUF – Indian residents are eligible for applying for the Deposit.
The Bank may announce special rates for senior citizens and staff.
However, in case of Traditional Term/Fixed Deposits interest rates are money market rates irrespective of the tenor.
All bank ATMs have CCTV camera installed inside the room.
What is your last name sir?
Can you collect cheque from my home?
How do I report that my card has been lost
Please confirm my billing amount.
How much is my prorated bill
I want to reset my pin
CAN I KNOW ABOUT MY CIBIL SCORE
your bill has exceeded your credit limit.
I want to register compliant regarding signals on my mobile.
what are steps to rectify bill amount
What would be best answer for this question?
What is your opinion on watson?
I want to switch my connection from postpaid to prepaid
My bills are always incorrect and when i call to your customer care center i always get the same answer.
how can i solve my query
I want to change my payment term.
Please confirm your contact number.
Thanks and have a good day
I have to open a new account.
i do not like my data plan
How much initial balance is required to open a new account?
What is the IFSC code
On a scale of 1-10, how strict are/were your parents?
Can I speak to your customer service representative?
Can I record this?
I wish for your well-being and happiness.
The United States remained neutral from the outbreak of World War I, in 1914, until 1917 when it joined the war as an "associated power".
After World War II the United States and the Soviet Union jockeyed for power during what became known as the Cold War
According to a survey conducted by the Williams Institute, nine million Americans, or roughly 3.4% of the adult population identify themselves as homosexual, bisexual, or transgender
As of 2007, 58% of Americans age 18 and over were married, 6% were widowed, 10% were divorced, and 25% had never been married.
Stepfamilies are becoming more familiar in America. Divorce rates are rising and the remarriage rate is rising as well, therefore, bringing two families together making step families.
An only child (single child) is one without any biological or adopted brothers or sisters.
What is the recourse when cash is not disbursed by an ATM but the amount gets debited to the account?
please wait we are tranferring your call
I am not able to see my available balance
What is the Process flow for lodging of complaint for ATM issues?
You have the option of converting your transaction of INR 2,500 or more into 6, 9, 12, 18 or 24 month EMI.
What should be done if the card is lost /stolen?
EMIs are calculated at an interest rate of only 1.5% per month on monthly reducing balance.
I am constantly facing the network issue.
On availing the EMI facility the reward points if any that have been accrued on the Original transaction shall be reversed.
Get resolve your bill dispute by calling the help desk.
I am not getting telephone bills on my personal ID
I will make partial payment of my bill.
are you stupid
Where are you going today ?
Inspite of mobile connection closure request,I am still receiving monthly bills
I have not received my refund for last transaction.
How can I help you?
Have a nice day
what is the due date to pay bill for my credit card
What Will be the Rate of Interest if i convert my Credit card purchases to 12 EMIs ?
ok let me check at what time you have recharged your mobile number
Please provide me details of documents which we can submit in KYI.
I want to know the remaining balance in my savings account.
Yes, it is
Can you please reset my ATM PIN
Does this fall under a paid service?
DO YOU WANT TO UPDATE YOUR MOBILE  & MAILING ADDRESS IN OUR RECORDS ?
What is the last payment date on my loan?
I want to change my bill plan .
What is the last payment date on my home loan?
What is the limit of 4G data for this tariff plan?
Who is your mother?
who is your father?
my father is doctor
Hi! I am Ashish. How are you doing today?
Bill, amount is 50 rupees only.
I have, a good plan for 50 rupees.Do you wish to change?
Can i transfer the money from one bank to other bank
I am having trouble with my number portability, please can you help me.
please let me know if there is any new data plan launched
i want to port my number
do you need any other information?
how can lodge a complaint
Evil cannot be justified. The only thing we can do with the things that have hurt us is learn, defeat bitterness, and become more beautiful
My internet data is not working
Can you please explain my bill to me.
I want to know my bill details
Thank you for calling IBM
I am not able to work on it.
I want to know the procedure to switch from prepaid connection to a postpaid connection
I want to buy a new connection
This call is recorded for the quality purpose.
May i have your name please?
My Name is Watson .
let me transfer your call to the tech support department. Person from tech department will be able to answer your question.
I want to teach TSM backup configuration
What is my home loan eligibility
Can you help me in fixing the issues that I am facing with my sim card?
Who is my relationship manager
How to redeem my reward points
How may I help you?
How can I seed my Aadhaar number with my Mobile Number ?
We respect our county as mother
How to restore the previous activated service?
Where I can find IFSC code of my account
The rain continued all day.
What is my name?
I need account number of my choice
Balance is reduced due to international number.
What was my last mobile bill amount.
I would like to use higher GB plan
Will my phone leave the networks while entering in Kashmir
how many continents are in the world ?
can i make a partial payment
Be happy always.
What is my Billing Address
Don't do that with others which you don't like for yourself.
Where there is a will, there is a way!
What is process of initiating refund which was deducted last month from my credit card
Please send me my credit card statement from January.
My data balance is consuming very fastly.
My Out going calls not working
I am proud to be a IBMer , IBM is a good platform for exploring new things.
How i can update my Aadhar no. in any Bank ?
Recharge my DTH for 400 rupees.
I want to place a standing instruction for a debit of rupees 10000 every month towards home loan
I have been following up with your team regarding this unresolved issue of amount not being refunded.I want you to escalate it to the next level
what is the balance in my account?
If EMI conversion is done through Mobile Banking Application, SMS will be received on registered mobile number on Mobile Banking Application
The Equated Monthly Installment (EMI) amount will be billed to the credit card every month on the same date as the first installment date.
The entire EMI amount will be included in calculation of Minimum Amount Due payable by the cardholder.
Is there any special offer on my number?
How to port my SIM?
How can I convert from postpaid to prepaid?
Do any charge occurs when I upgrade from 3G to 4G?
For how many years prepaid connection can be used?
I want register a complain related to my data plan reopen.
Calling customer care, do charge us with money?
I want register a complain related to my SMS plan reopen.
Check my status of last  recharge of my SIM
Do the network charges based on different network circle?
Will 4G work on my headset?
Does 4G consume more battery?
Please transfer my data plan to my new number ending with 9878
Please transfer my 3g plan to my new number ending with 9878
How to know whether I am on 4G network or not?
How can I receive my last 5 bills?
What is the similarity between 4G and LTE?
Please send me SMS on my number for promotional scheme related to roaming plan
How can I activate a data pack?
what is the rate of interest of Fixed deposit in bank
Please change my billing address.
What are your International roaming charges to US?
what is TAN number
What are the offers available for recharge
I have issued cheque number : **** please stop payment of the same
frequent call drops
how can i change atm pin
Can you please give me my itemized bill?
I have question related to Mobile portability
From the Account List page, select your Postpaid account and then click on the "Manage Account" button.
what is your age
Nice to meet you
How much time would it take?
thanks for your help.
Facing network issues when I am using my phone in evening.
who are you?
are you using Watson technology?
Nomination facility for bank lockers is available
In this play hand is not allowed to touch the ball.
I need to change my data plan.
I want to know, is there any offer still valid existing on my salary account?.
Lean Six Sigma applies to all company operations
we would like to count inventory here
how to transfer files
how to restart system
Can I upgrade my plan temporarily and then switch back to my current Family Share Plan?
What is Friends & Family plan?
your calling charges are high compare to other providers.
i want to add caller tune on my number
I want to change my mobile number.
I did not get my mobile bill.
will open network reduce call drops
could i reach directly to customer care executive
what is full mnp
Where can I go to view the details of my debit card transactions?
When I was kid , I lost my cycle.
is there any option to check my validity of net pack?
I am quite disappointed with the network quality.
I want to disconnect my value added services
May I know the name on  the account?
Start new recurring deposit
Personal loan eligibility
I have had a great time here.
What is my bill amount
Please feed us back to improve
thank you friends
god is worship
Please find the attached file for your review and approval.
Thank you for your support this month-end.
How do I check my current balance?
I want to generate the PIN for my debit card
please provide demand draft for delhi engineering college
For how many month can I place a standing instruction on credit card?
Documents required for SIM Exchange?
Please check the free Minutes left for me for this month ?
For how long can I avail of Safe custody and what are the charges
How do I reconnect my no after expiry of Safe Custody?
How can WFM increase productivity in my contact center
There are several models for software acquisition
Have a nice day
How to get E-statement?
what is your name
Can you please share the last four digits of your credit card?
Thank you very much.
where is my ATM Pin?
What is Microsevice Architecture
The requested service has been enabled now
How often can I change my Credit Card limits?
in what technologies does the members of your team work?
How do I place an order using credit card
I just got promoted
How to Update my Aadhaar number with my bank account
i want to review my car loan
i want to redefine my study insurance
i want my check sales lead in shoes brand
What are the prerequisites for Recharge Top-Up facility?
How can I obtain Internet Banking User ID/Password to use Mobile Recharge facility?
Is safe custody applicable for both pre-paid and post-paid users?
What is a Credit Limit?
What should I do if I lose my card or it is stolen?
What happens if I do not extend Safe Custody?
you need to deposit at least 50 thousand into both accounts.
What are the options for redeeming my Reward Points?
Do I need to register again for availing the online reward redemption?
What are the charges of redemption fee on SBI Card?
What happens if you are unable to deliver the item?
Can I change the items I have selected if the Rewards Points being redeemed are the same?
What are the plans available for BT?
What is the cancellation procedure for BT?
What are the plans available for BT?
Can I ask for a cheque for the BT amount?
What are the plans available for BT on EMI?
What is Balance Transfer on EMI (BT on EMI)?
What is the amount of Balance Transfer I can avail with BT on EMI service?
I have recently changed my address; can I book BT on EMI?
Is the cancellation process same for all the other bank cards?
What is demand draft and pay order?
What is your name.
I want to open a new account.
could you speak more slowly ?
What are the different tenures available for booking Encash?
What should I do if I have a dual SIM phone to get the best mobile internet experience?
Always logout
Call centre is a subset of BPO.
How much data is remaining on my number.
what is the number of airtel customer care
carry all your relevant documents
How do I recharge a Prepaid number? (Multiple options)
i would feel happy working  with watson
I have lots my ID file. How to get new file?
Where are you?
What is the meaning of Customer?
I want to know recharge offers for my number.
I am witnessing lot of call drops on my mobile number
How to get value added services to the existing connection
In which class do you read
May I know your name please?
How may I help you ?
i want to change network
Where is my statement of account?
what is internet
Please notify me about the latest plan foe my mobile sim.
How does the Bill Pay service function?
What are the different channels we can watch on Hello TV ?
How can I explore new Plans & Offers?
How do I check my Balance?
Does this apply to prepaid and postpaid both?
What is the process for MNP for Walky?
Are there any charges for duplicate copy of statements on credit card?
How can I Apply for ICICI Bank Credit Card?
If you do not receive any network whilst roaming or you receive fluctuating network bars, in that case you can select the network manually.
How do I pay through IMPS?
Are there any charges for availing Set Limit service?
A warning message is being displayed when I choose “Free Call” option stating that not watching an ad completely will bar me from the service?
Who can use Tata Docomo’s Track Me / Track Me Day service?
How do I apply for a Priority Pass Card?
If you could shop for free at one store, which one would you choose?
What will happen if there is no balance is in my prepaid account?
Which celebrity chef would you most like to fix you a meal?
I want to avail the Balance Transfer facility on my credit card. How to place request for Balance Transfer on credit card?
How can I earn points quickly?
How can I contact broadband provider?
What is a Chip and PIN Credit Card?
Can I see details of my account online?
How can I check my broadband contract ?
What is the validity of a Priority Pass card?
What is your favorite day of the week?
I have received a call to provide the details of card like card number, CVV number and OTP. Can I provide the details?
What have you forgotten?
What are the conditions of Auto Debit?
Is there a balance transfer option available for ICICI Bank Credit Card?
Without login into Internet banking can I see my Credit Card statement on your website?
What are the Benefits of HPCL Coral Credit Card?
My booking has been rejected, but my credit card has been charged. What do I do?
How do I receive Credit Card Statements in my e-mail?
Do I have to carry my credit card while collecting the tickets?
How can I get a physical statement for my Credit Card?
How can I know my outstanding/ transaction details of my credit card statement?
When will the interest charge stop on my credit card?
What is the auto-debit facility for my credit card?
Other credit cards get interest free credit period. Will ICICI Bank Insta Credit Card offer same benefits?
After how long time my new plan will be effective?
I think I should go for HTC or Pixel.
My credit card is approaching its expiry please issue a replacement credit card
how are you?
What is your name?
How old are you?
Open the Window
Please don't do this
May I please transfer your call to technical team for further assistance?
I want to change my bill plan
I lost my debit card can you please block.
I am a big fan of Abdul Kalam.
How to set out of office in lotus note ?
I want to do something different
The problem seems to be solved.
Handset Related
I want a list of services active on my account
Hello, I would like to transfer my account to nearest branch of your bank.
when will you go home
HOW TO PROTECT FILES FROM UNAUTHORISED ACCESS?
How to change the address in Voter card.?
is seema rahul's wife ?
It can increase it’s business
how to reset password
i want to link my family members' mobile numbers under Family Plan facility
how to delete files permanently
The customer should lodge a complaint with the card issuing bank at the earliest.
ATMs set up, owned and operated by non-banks are called White Label ATMs.
As per the RBI instructions, banks have been mandated to resolve customer complaints by re-crediting the customer’s account
within 7 working days from the date of complaint.
Effective from July 1, 2011, banks have to pay compensation of Rs 100 per day for delays in re-crediting the amount beyond 7 working days
You want anything else?
What do you want
what account information you want
your account is blocked
our company has launched a very attractive product.
This call will be recorded for quality and  training purposes.
The Tip icon points out helpful information on various aspects
i want to know my fund balance
As you learn work by working, you learn love by loving
Can I also have your email address just to send you a confirmation.
Want to learn AngularJs
please enter credit card expiry date
where are you
I want to what all accounts are associated to my plan
status of my service request?
Not able to connect to server. Please try after some time
signal strength for 3G is very less in my residential area.
do you want to check your port status?
How I can activate reminder service on my number
Can you please wait for some time?
Can I view my usage details for the current month online?
How's your weekend?
What is your address of correspondence?
Where can I get cheque book issues?
i want to change my bill plan?
what is my billing cycle
Right now I am working on some other issue
recharge offers information
Enter one sentence per submission only
Please select your language.
my bill amount is more then the usage
I am not satisfied with the services i get.
voice quality is not good
Opening a separate account just for rent and other essential bills.
Please block my ATM card
what do you require
I think you are very smart
My last payment is not reflected in my bill
Would you like to go out with me ??
Giving support to customers via email and online chat.
What’s the best way to pay household bills?
cigrate is injures to health.
Reviewing customer comments on online forums.
i want to know remaining car loan amount?
How can I keep an eye on my account and check my balance?
i am working hard
How to add family members to this plan
What is the cost per member for this family plan
i need my last 2 bill copies
How are you
What is google.?
what is my bill cycle of my phone
my phone has been lost, how can get a duplicate sim
This is an international competition.
how can I unblock my debit card pin
why the internet connectivity is low on the highway
why I cannot make online transactions from my credit card
Where do I find the option of Standing Instruction?
What should I do in case the Standing Instruction functionality doesn't occurs on merchant website?
How many Standing Instructions can I opt for at a time?
Hey Watson, I will teach you as a Friend.
where are you going
4. Click on the reset link.
I want to stop my mobile services temporarily.
ask him to go out
I have 50 rupees in my account
I lost my Credit card, please block the card
I went for movie today
I want to work
Hi My name is Tincy Kaur
will go somewhere today
What happen to you
Can I use my Credit/Debit card to make internet or on-line purchases ?
What is the fastest way to get my ATM card?
How can I help avoid problems if I plan to use my ATM or debit card while traveling domestically or internationally?
What are the processing fees charged by the bank?
What is EMI?
What should I do if my card is lost or stolen or if I notice fraudulent debit card transactions?
Are there any additional fees associated with chip cards?
I have to go office daily.
A one-time Processing fee of 1.5% or Rs. 150 whichever is higher will be charged to your Credit Card account on the date of conversion.
What is a Personal Identification Number (PIN)?
The Equated Monthly Instalment (EMI) amount will be billed to the credit card every month on the same date as the first instalment date.
Kindly explain me more about the self service applications.
The participants will not hold Axis Bank responsible for or liable for, any actions, claims, and expenses that a participant may suffer, sustain or incur by way of this scheme.
What is the Grievance Redressal Mechanism available to users of WLAs in case of failed/disputed WLA transactions?
What is your name
What is my age
I  have forgotten my Internet Banking password for my account.
You are very valuable to us, Please stay with us.
How do I change my current 4G plan?
Is this wednesday today?
When i tried to pay online payment its show error that my number is prepaid now how to pay amount.
how to create a bank account
let me worship
I want to change my billing address.
He had many fans
india is great
Don't talk rubbish
Any charges are applicable for MNP processing
When is my bill due date?
Give me my phone now
What is the procedure to open Joint account ?
Why is so important to verify for name and other details when we call up a customer care desk ?
What is the address of your company outlet?
Which all companies are competitors of IBM in today's world ?
Please send my account statement on email
I want to know the procedure of recharge
Can you please tell me how much money in my account?
My bill amount is incorrect
I want to change my Language
I want to change my plan.
Namaskar! My Name is Ajay.
I need to take 20 rs loan.
When does the flight leave?
I want to update my email address in the database
How to open a savings account?
The man Hit me on the head
Can you please tell me the procedure?
I want to change my Tariff Plan
what is my Credit card Balance
i want to change my bill plan
How can I change my mobile plan
Which phone is popular samsung or Iphone?
Request to renew my ATM card as is nearing expiry date
i am suffering from fever
My sim is not activated since 2 days
Airtel Data is much sufficient for monthly survival
Will I receive an invoice for my fees?
Is i need to call customer care again for activation of sim card
Is my card is blocked?
i have not received OLA bills on my Email
Is i need to submit all document for new sim card
All service provider network is down due to violence
What is the best way to protect an individual’s privacy while not impending future innovation?
Do you or anyone you know have any kind of impairment or disability?
outage tarrif is more expensive
What percentage of data would remain unaffected? Why?
Please stay on the line while I’m transferring your call to my senior
thank you for visiting
please feel free to email us
Would you like to speak with the manager
My bill amount is incorrect
Does your bank provides insurance for items deposited in locker
will be with you shortly!
we need to have pan card to open bank account
who will be available from sale department on this sunday
where are your outlets in the town
What are your daily activities ?
3. What is the rate of interest on my loan account?
Can I view pay channels ?
Is there any specific application to be downloaded to view TV ?
How can I transfer my call or tell me something about call forwarding
How do I check the latest offers?
I have a multiple numbers on the same account, but only 1 number will move to new location, till what time NMNP number's bill will stay with my account?
How do I redeem my ICICI Bank Rewards?
Will I be able to make a call if balance is zero?
If you could travel anywhere in the world, where would it be?
What trait do you like the most about yourself?
Whatâ€™s the first thing you do when you get home from a trip?
How to unsubscribe from International Roaming?
What is the best piece of advice youâ€™ve received?
What do you like to do on a rainy day?
Where can I recharge my Prepay Photon?
What are the Terms and Conditions for redeeming products?
Do I need a separate handset to use 3G services?
How to redeem Payback reward points online?
Can I withdraw partial fixed deposit amount?
Can I request for my gift to be delivered to another address?
If you had two hours left on earth what would you do?
Query on Cash limit reduction on credit cards
If you find it doesn’t help solve your problem, please don’t hesitate to reach me again
If you find it doesn’t help solve your problem, please don’t hesitate to reach me again.
If you find it doesn’t help solve your problem, please don’t hesitate to reach me again.
If you find it doesn’t help solve your problem, please don’t hesitate to reach me again.
Who do you usually go with?
Do you like to cook?
What would be the charges for caller tune per month?
Thank you for staying on the call
i want to check my tariff detail
Why cyber security is important for every organisation.?
HOW TO MAKE MACRO FILE?
i need to check my coverage detail
How many districts are in India.?
Is this red color ?
I want to buy Gym bag?
revenue is the energy that powers the company
It ensures the maximum translation of recorded revenue into cash
Credit Management plays a key role in getting the basics right
The National Flag of India is a horizontal rectangular tricolour of India saffron, white and India green
Gandhi first proposed a flag to the Indian National Congress in 1921
When is the last recharge done
how can i change language?
Thank you and have a great day.
To lure shoppers to take up a repay-in-future-and-pay-interest option, the EMI on credit cards option works great to their benefit.
Almost all the credit card companies offer two variants of the EMIs – one is a free zero interest rate EMI and the other is a low interest rate EMI.
What you must note is that banks will levy processing fees before you can use any of these options. Also, if you want to prepay, then you might end up paying a pre payment charge as well.
process usually takes 2-3 days
i am glad to help you
your validity is going to expire
There is big competition in between service provide  for recharge offer.
What you understand by the term “Customer Satisfaction”
To improve customer service what will be your approach
However, in order to protect your rights you must also send a written billing error notice to the card issuer within a certain period of time
Complaint issue should be completed on high priority
Please send recharge summary on my mail
what are the CUG plans
what credit limit would you like to apply for?
I am unable to view the network signal in my mobile
what is my saving account balance?
Where are you going?
how can I change my plan from prepaid to postpaid ?
I have taken bike insurance and still waiting for the policy, can you help me on that ?
what is the lowest bill plan.
Can I get new mobile number on same name?
Tell me what issue you are facing
Would you like to know about the new offers ?
What is the price of this item?
You don't need to worry. I will definitely help you!
I want to change my address
Please wait !
WHERE SHOULD I APPROACH FOR THE UPGRADE OF MY DEVICE?
I am not able to login to my account
may i know your age?
could you please change my bill plan
There are many performance issues all over the world in relational databases due to the use of the atomic and inappropriate style of programming.
how can i opt for DND service
I lost my bill so please issue duplicate bill for me
where are you from
I want to check the itemized bill for my account.
I want to activate my 3G plan.
Can you provide me your account number please?
Don't be late
could you tell me all the details of all the dishes that your hotel provide
How can i pay my remaining tax amount
MAY I KNOW YOUR NAME ?
i  want to change my address
i want to talk with your senior
I am working on this issue
when will i get the credit back in my account?
what is my bill amount?
Is there a locker available at your branch?
Please let me know my last transaction amount.
The customer can avoid bank charges for refused Direct Debits by budgeting carefully and keeping track of what payments need to go out of their account and when.
How long will it take to transfer my money from my account to my father's account
I want to get my pass book updated
My mouse is having rotation problem
Can you withdraw money from your credit card ?
I want to pay my bill
HOW CAN I UPDATE MY NAME IN MY ELECTRICITY BILL ?
Providing resolution to customers at the first contact.
what is my current plan?
How to make Mobile number portable ?
how i can apply for car loan ?
India beats srilanka in a cricket match
I am doing my work.
What would you like to drink ?
Thanks Paula. We can't guarantee that this will work on 4k, but please send us the serial nr of your TV & we'll have a look.
Have a Great Week Ahead
can i open a locker even if i dont have account in your bank
Dealing with customers for whom English is not their first language.
give me feedback on customer service
what will you have in dinner today
roaming related issues can be resolved soon
I want to apply for pension loan ?
Sarah and Jessie are going swimming.
Can I deposit money in dormant account?
I am not satisfied with your answer.
I want to change my account.
What is your zodiac sign?
Hello how are you
how long will it take for fixing the issue?
My bill amount is incorrect
I have network issues at my home, can you please check.
How can I renew my membership?
I want a new sim card
Please enable do not disturb service on my mobile number.
I have done my homework.
I am an IBM employee
I am going south.
What to do if I transferred money to a wrong account number?
he is a good employee
I am not able to breathe
Tap on a contact to make a call.
I recharged my phone but the balance is still not updated. Can you help me with the recharge status?
What is the process to port my number?
My bill is incorrect
I am thinking of starting a business
I know which type of game you play in night.
What I will do with your apology. I need my money to be refunded
How can I activate my roaming in my cell?
I will teach you meditation
Which is the TVS Showroom near me ?
Goals of life.
How to reach Gurugram?
wish you a happy birthday
excellent
How to tally balance sheet?
harish is a bias person
i am in delhi
Data Start
what is  your name
water is cold
i need to close my RD.
I need to close my account.
I want to change my address.
Happy birthday
I am happy with our service.
enter your card details
I want replace my lost SIM card
I lost my phone so please block my sim
What are the existing tariffs or charges I need to pay for my phone bill ?
I want check my internet balance validity status
What do you mean by zero roaming SIM?
Can I get a data plan for 10 days
A Fixed Deposit (FD)  involves depositing a certain amount with a banking or a non-banking institution for a fixed period of time and for a fixed rate of interest.
n the 3rd century BC, Goa was part of the Maurya Empire, ruled by the Buddhist emperor, Ashoka of Magadha. Buddhist monks laid the foundation of Buddhism in Goa
You mother is not at home?
Let me know your complete postal address for verification purpose?
please allow me to put your call on hold
A 2017 study argues that the incumbency advantage stems from the fact that voters evaluate the incumbent's ideology individually whereas they assume that the challenger shares the party's ideology
Your code is not optimized
what is my outstanding unbilled amount
When can I call you?
your code is not fine
There exist scenarios in which the incumbency factor itself leads to the downfall of the incumbent
please come early tomorrow
How can I help you?
How many languages do you know?
where is the issue?
My name is Sumit Joshi. How may I help you
I need a payment receipt for my payment
My payment is not showing on my card
who will cry when you die.
How to upload a file
Can you please be little Louder.
please let me know about roaming charges
Do you know this address ?
What is my Coverage area?
How Watson can assist with creative tasks?
What is the balance in my savings account please
what would you like to have in lunch?
Can I access my account by telephone to conduct routine daily transactions?
what is the distance between delhi and noida?
In my current data plan how many family members can be added ?
how was your day ?
Can you send the duplicate bill on my mail id ?
Do you have any more questions?
I want to pay my next installment by cheque
Hello!! Welcome to IBM. How may I help you today? Can you please share your employee id?
13 How can we get loan on PF account.
how far it is
14DO I need to pay fine if I break the fd before time.
What is your contact number?
How can I update my ATM PIN?
Thank You for helping me.
What are main skills required to handle a customer?
Hide the incorrect boundaries
general details will be send to you soon
What are the National Roaming charges?
Is there any scope for a technical guy in Call center and what are the chance for growth?
Can you help in getting this work completed?
where will you meet me ?
unity is strength
thank you for calling.
How are you?
I would like to port my number
we are transferring your call
1.What is the validity of my card?
this is a good book
What are the scope of digital marking in present market?
Is there some way to come out of it
I was charged wrong fees
What is the impact of demonetization on telecom sector?
My team's strength is my strength
What is  my data balance
I want to change my password.
How can open my new bank account
As per our last conversation you have agreed to take this plan ?
hi this is sharda
How do I know about my EMI left with me
when do we stop?
We are going for vacation .
My complaint is not resolved yet
what is your Account Number?
I want to follow on me earlier request
please do not share your password with anyone.
please tell me your bank account number
I love to travel.
Please be on hold...!
How can i get the internet setting for my new phone?
Latest bill did not received
This service is absolutely free
What is the current data balance of my number?
How to cook food?
Please provide a easy way to register for Net banking
The starting point of all achievement is desire
I am worried about ID theft.
Is there anything else may I help you with?
Can you please, verify the last 4 numbers of your customer ID?
I live in Delhi NCR.
Thank you for calling MTNL office
let me finish first.
no one called me
I live in India
When Will be my salary credited?
Can I get the investment details online?
My outgoing service is disabled
How to change data plan for my number.
Can I get a data plan for 30 days
I want a new data card
What are your payment terms and conditions?
My data tariff plan has expired.
Outsourcing call center services to outsource2india comes with a lot of perks
How many days maximum would the bank require to re-credit the account for such wrong debits?
How to know payment due date of my bill
how do I turn on bluetooth?
how do I turn off airplane mode?
I want to know the latest offers on prepaid
I  want to watch cricket match
Take your time
I am a Great Leader.
Since the issue is resolved we would be closing this ticket.
No. There is absolutely no extra charge for recharging.
TRAI keeps a record of telemarketers registered with them in a national data base called “National Telemarketers Register”.
What are the Preferences available for subscribers?
How to activate DND? / How to subscribe for NCPR?
When will be my salary hike?
that's really a great idea
I want to know more about data plans
How can i know about your nearest stores?
Meena eats dinner
Hi, This is Rajesh, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Neha, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
I need a fresh passbook.
When will Sandeep sir throw party for the team.
Will Lungshim buy a new water bottle?
my connection is airtel
I want to enquire my balance
Can I port my number more than once?
Yes, but you cannot make more than one porting request at a time to different Mobile Service Providers.
Can I decide the date and time at which my number is ported?
How are you?
What is my billing cycle?
Could you please check your option of roaming activation for mobile data?
I want a statement of my recent transactions.
everything is fair in love and war
What is the process to change the plan?
What are the best plans available?
who is the founder of spaceX organization.?
who is the chairman of IBM?
I have a samsung phone
today is monday
Sorry for the inconvenience caused.
please drop your message here
this is my suggestion
it it impossible
My name is Sushant.
What is your name ?
I am from Ghaziabad
I want to change my bill plan
Can you please tell me the bill amount of last month?
I do cash posting
What are other plans apart from my current bill plan.
I want some information on Home Renovation Loan.
I am unable to use internet
I want to make a change to my subscription pack?
Recharge not reflecting on my account
What is the process of getting broadband plan?
How do I check all the VAS Services on my number, How to activate new VAS?
Wrong Email is displayed on my bill
what is the maturity date of my loan
check your mails
can you tell me about current bill plans?
When will my issue get resolved.
I like to work in team.
Would you please tell me that how can I deactivate internet services?
I want to change the circle to New Delhi to Bangalore.
I want to update my email address on the account?
how to deliver superb customer service
I want to update my physical address on the account.
Do you have a store available in my area?
When I will get my network ?
is there any waiver for corporate employees
Thank you
My bill amount is wrong
How can I convert my credit card spend to EMI
Can I do a pre payment of my EMI in advance?
What is SAP?
I had not received cash from ATM machine but my account got debited for 2000. Kindly help.
How do I change my method of payment?
If I subscribe to Ebill service, what changes will I notice?
What is the validity of my mobile data
How do I check the IFSC of the receiving branch?
please select the desired language
I want to make a change to my subscription pack?
Whether Free Roaming is applicable across India, including Delhi & Mumbai (service areas of MTNL)?
What is 3G Data Card?
what are the different data packs available for my number
Kindly change my paper bill option to e-bill option
How do I obtain a Duplicate Repayment Schedule for my loan account?
Will I get network coverage in Malls (basement) ?
what is my last working day in IBM
3G broadband available everywhere ?
How can an NRI send his transaction details to the Authorised Dealer?
What is the day temperature today?
What are you eating ?
Can I deposit withdrawn notes through ATMs, Cash Deposit Machine or cash Recycler?
Hello My bill amount is incorrect?
please settle my account
Hi, How are you? How can I help you?
water bills are not fully printed
Will I receive a receipt once I have paid my fees?
Will my fees remain the same for every further year of study?
Electricity bills have not received on portal
Please activate my sim card
Should the phone company or Google Maps get my okay before tracking my location?
Do you own your “Personal Data”?
can u please confirm you sim card number
hello, are you still there
we appreciate your service
please wait
no problem
I want to change my plan from postpaid to prepaid plan
who are you
i am in noida
How can I recharge my pre-paid account?
here is no water
there is no food
It will take some time
To get a locker in bank is subject to its availability
I want to change my data plan.
Is this possible?
what is the purpose of life
oooh! I see
I play football.
how to change my mobile plan ?
What is the last date of my bill payment.
Thank you for calling ABC company, My name is Sooraj. How may I assist you today?
It will be given free of cost
Hello...I would like to book a flight.
I can help you with that.
Will it affect my features such as GPS, service & repair or insurance?
I want to fly on Oct 14th.
Please do not call again
How do I get Internet Settings on my Phone?
What are the internet roaming charges on National Roaming?
How to add beneficiary in internet banking?
How do I subscribe for International Roaming?
Which operators charge for PDP sessions?
How do I change/modify my account details?
What is Safe Custody?
I want to stop receiving calls from service center
Please transfer this call to concern person
what is Bill Dispute?
This is test sentence.
i want Family Plan Delinking with my number
I want to activate family plan with my number
how to activate data services
Prepaid Data Plan Deactivation on my mobile number
how to check data services
Last time you had shared customer details
Checking Account balance (Single Account)
i recognize your voice
Where is my Physical Statement [Credit/Savings] account?
how to activate recharge offers
what is Data Balance?
you will receive bill on mail in next 10 minutes
What is the last payment date on my loan
sending bill on mail is good idea
i dont want this bill on my mail
you can recharge from site
what is Transfer of Call?
how to check status of caller tune
how to deactivate 3G Feature
how to activare Message Services
what is 3G DEACTIVATE?
what are the limitations of Video Call
what is Data Card?
Do you want to change your caller tune?
i want to visit the nearby telecom office
do you also assist in tax saving.
My name is  Watson.
Who is your brother??
What is your name??
How do I change the payment currency on my account?
What are the Value Added Services provided by service Provider (VAS)?
Can I be disconnected if my complaint is about my bill?
Can I complain about problems while I was being transferred from one company to another?
I want to apply for a job in your company
Before eating we must always pray to god
The traditional family structure in the United States is considered a family support system involving two married individuals providing care and stability for their biological offspring.
A housewife or "homemaker" is a married woman who is not employed outside of the home to earn income, but stays at home and takes care of the home and children.
may i know the status of my new request
Could you please suggest me the better data plan
Thank you for calling ABC Company. My name is Ashley. How may I help you today?
Is there any family plan available on this network?
What are the charges for using GPRS internationally?
Kareena kapoor is beautiful
what sought of fraud company you are?
where there is a will, there is a way
english the 2nd most spoken language
walmart is the biggest company in the world
provide me the best discount on annual subscription
I want to deactivate my SIM.
how can i apply for the loan from bank
Check the box next to the accounts for which you would like to update your address
How do i check my internet balance
My bill amount is not as per my bill plan.
Is there any penalty for late fees
I am not able to withdraw money from my debit card
How can i withdraw money from non area ATM bank
Please tell me the call rates applicable under this bill plan
Thanks, that  is enough for now.
What is my amount due.
Why my 5% cash back on Rs. 349 recharge has not received yet
When is the next train to Mandi House?
What is the procedure to add / cancel / modify a nominee in my locker?
What are the timings for locker operations?
i dont want to continue with your company
How old are you
Please generate my duplicate bill.
Can you please transfer the call to a senior person
I want to know the details of my last 5 transactions
I love my family.
I want to change phone number which is linked with OTP service
what are you doing?
You can simply disregard the amount indicated in the bill and continue enjoying our services.
There are various testing tools
I want to know about new plans
Please change my home address
I am frequently experiencing network issues.
How many countries does Vodafone operate in?
I love coming to office
My home is 20 kilometers far from my office place
My phone is not charged
My voice is cracking while talking on phone, Please help.
What documents are generally sought for a loan approval?
What is an SMS gateway?
Yes, caller tune & ringback tone the same
i want to work on my income management
i want to break my fixed income
What is my FD account balance ?
What is my last recharge amount ?
Where is my welcome kit ?
Please stop the cheque ending 123.
i want to work my current recharge dispute
Hi. I’d like to deposit this money into my account.
so what do you do here?
i can not believe how cold it is today
i know a good place nearby
Will there be anything else for you today?
Can you check my account balance as when trying to withdraw money from ATM ,I had received SMS alert informing me of cash withdrawals but the ATM machine never dispensed the money.
I want to have 24 EMIs.
i am sick today
Oh, I see, never mind, I'll just do it after the holidays. Thanks for your help.
I need a doctor
who is available now
My Address is incorrect.
What is the process to change billing address?
I want to know status of my balance and recharge
Can my Debit Card be used for transactions outside India?
iam facing network issues
I want to speak with bank representative
I am getting the message “Invalid Login Id and Password”. What does it mean?
Please take me there.
I want to open bank account
I would like to deactivate my value added services
i am unable to make roaming calls while in United Kingdom
please go to our portal
we have registered your query,it will deactivate in 24 hours
how to activate or deactivate a value added service?
I WANT TO CHANGE MY BILL PLAN
I do not stay on that address anymore
I am sending you the courier number on your registered number
my ATM pin is not working
i need my number portability done
how do i recharge while roaming?
What information do you need about home loans?
i want to know if i could open a new account though i already have account.
What are different tariff plans
can you please tell me your bank account number
Can you get Income Tax certificates in the name of both the applicant and co-applicant separately?
can i put your call on hold
My office is 5 miles from my home.
Kindly deactivate roaming service of my mobile.
I am getting very slow speed of internet on my mobile.
I am pleased with the kind of services your company provides
my bill amount is incorrect?
I want to change my bill plan?
I want to pay my phone bill
I will learn
How do I add numbers to my Friends & Family list?
Changes to your Friends & Family numbers become effective the following day.
Can I use cash to create a NRO FD?
I will not pay this bill.
I have requested for the Sim Replacement to 4G Sim and was told that I will receive it in 4 hrs. 24 hrs have been passed and I have not received the Sim yet.
What are the tenure options?
How do I pay through IMPS?
Could you please activate International roaming in my plan
Can I apply jointly with my spouse? Will both our salaries be taken into consideration for calculating the loan amount?
What is EMI?
what are the different Bill plan available at present?
Please provide me the complete explanation of my current bill.
your welcome !
I like IBM very much
Heart and brain can never be at same decision
All is well that ends well.
could you please start miss-call alter service.
Network Voice Quality is bad
To show a clear pairs of heels.
Kill two birds with one stone
Don’t judge a book by it’s cover
I want to know my last Credit Card Bill
May I know details about my data plan
What is my bill amount
i want to know my Credit card Balance
Where is my ATM PIN?
I want to deactivate my roaming pack
I have a feedback for an agent . Please provide feedback form.
what is the maturity date of my loan
What are the details of my loan account
Check Fixed Deposit balance
What is the last payment date on my loan
Please hold all of my cheques
I want to know more about my Credit Card Bill of Last Month
What would be the monthly rental of my new plan.
What is the current balance outstanding on my loan
I want to know the balance of my data package
This is indeed good news.
please recharge my mobile rs 100 via credit card
I want to apply for education loan
Science and technology is the backbone of society.
Hardwork have always  fruitful result.
can i sit here
Do you want to open an account?
I want to go on a trip
I am working in IBM as Senior Software Engineer.
How can I upgrade my card
Sir I will adjust 400 rupees but I cannot give additional discount of 100 rupees, sorry sir
How can I get my phone number updated in my bank account
How can I get overdraft facility in my saving bank account
what are the benefit of debit card
How password protects the internet at my home?
What will be the maturity value of my fixed deposit?
Self-service software allows authors to readily automate the deployment
Hello do you know about Oncor?
How can i get my ATM card back from ATM machine
HOW TO GET HELP OF EXCEL WHILE PROCESSING?
What is corruption.?
Why does traffic rules are important.?
How does mobile phone work.?
How to work on ms-office.?
I like to wear black shirt
How to make profile on domain.?
A defect is any failure of a product
I want to configure 3G settings in my phone.
How can I cancel my purchase?
Can I have the ticket number?
Whom to inform if the credit card is stolen
I am happy with service
Yours too.
you need to visit local office near to your location.
how many days will it take to port the number
Hello! I want to port my Bank Account from outstation Branch to my local branch, will you be able to help me?
What is the minimum and maximum booking amount for Encash?
I am an Add-on cardholder; can I apply for Encash on my card?
Which lost or stolen cards will be blocked?
I need to know the bill amount of STD calls of last month
It's showing black screen
What loan am I eligible for?
data is good network is bad
can you please tell me my account balance as of now
I have younger brothers
I am a boy
Savings account interest rate has changed; how does it impact my portfolio?
Hi, This is Divyansh, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Hemraj, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
I am a boy
What all documents i need to submit to nearest branch to register for locker service
i would like to stop payment towards my cheque
How you did this ?
recently i got married
Do something new
how old are you
honesty is the best policy
What are the services/facilities available at ATMs?
I want to know process to deposite money.
I am unable to get the proper network coverage.
i want to change some account balance
I want to take cheque book.
Good afternoon. How can I help you today?
And I’ll need some picture ID as well.
Can you please tell me about today's weather.
i want to convert 3G to 4G on my SIM card
do you have a minute
Thank you, let me just check on it. Ok, can you please, verify the last four numbers of your social security ID?
Yes, If I transfer it to my bank account in Lloyds of London, how long will it take?
What is the membership fee (if applicable) for my Credit Card account?
What would be interest rate on EMIs?
Please give me a minute as I check for available services in your area.
Upon checking here on my end, the Highest Internet speed available in your area is up to 3 Mbps speed.
Do you have Gym bag.
Would that plan be fast enough for our uses?
My credit card has expired.
My charger is not working.
The wireless gateway acts both as a modem and a wireless router. The wireless range is about 150 to 300 feet, depending on obstructions.
As I mentioned before, we would be watch HD video on up to four devices at the same time.
I want to change my email in e bill
What is my internet data balance
Please be on line
how may i help you today?
can you please use Hindi language ?
my Debit card has expired. How can I get a new one?
Will I get all my services back on the new SIM?
How do I find an invoice?
How do I get an  Cellular Post-paid connection?
I am getting spam calls
Hello,How are you?
How will be the charges/fees for the locker? monthly or Yearly? and what will be the amount?
Everybody's company will help in everybody's growth
Atal Bihari Vajpayee was the first chairman of BJP
My Mobile Number Portability request was rejected even after clearing the due amount.
I wan to port my number.
Sorry for the delay
as part of opening bank locker do i need to open a fixed deposit?
My bill amount is incorrect
Who can open Salary Family Account
have a good day
what is my bill amount
What are the products available for your customers?
Are you coming with me?
In case i want to open a locker in your bank, then whats the process?
Please recharge my phone
How do I benefit if the interest is calculated on a daily reducing balance?
It's 100 rupees to the dollar.
Where can I find detailed information regarding fees on the UCL website?
How can i get new sim card
Why are we challenged by the arrival of migrants in our country
Tariff after GST comes normal for users
data balance checking
what is bill amount for vegetables?
have a great day
What was my Last Month Bill Amount
I want to add a Value Added Service
It is raining.
What is the update on the case?
Will my number change if I upgrade to 4G?
How can i change my ATM pin number
I will reach office by 9:30 in morning
Maturity date of fixed deposit
How can i activate my internet banking
Can you provide me some bonus on buying a new connection
He is my father.
what are the advantages of family planning?
This conversation has been recorded for training purposes
please press star to continue with this call
Roaming charges are not there for your connection
how is this possible
how much is my bill
Do I need a joint account?
These are the options you can choose from.
Do I need a separate SIM to use 4G services?
What I can get my lost mobile number back on another sim?
Can you explain me my bill ?
this is reflecting the true was of correction in process
What is the cheapest plan on offer
what is my current bill plan?
what's that called in hindi?
How many types of roaming services are available?
I need new connection
This is your last chance to avail this offer.
Did you receive message of balance deduction
How can I know that I have these many plans activated on my number ?
When did you make last transaction with your debit card
3.how much balance is there in my account?
I want to change my preferred language
I want to place a request for my address change
I have completed my graduation in year 2013.
what is your e-mail address?
The quality of network is poor.
if you are not satisfied with my plans  please  suggest  me?
what is the current interest rate for saving account
Do you have locker available in your bank ?
What is my project name?
How can I purchase data card
my data pack is not working
Pls hold the line.
I want to know my last three balance deductions
if you face any problem please dial toll free number 1222 to contact us i will help you?
What are your Hobbies?
Do you practice under the guidance of a coach/tutor?
Activate my value added services
What are the PIN and PUK codes?
I want to start an insurance policy in your bank
dear card member, statement for your credit card has been generated and will be sent to you through your preferred medium.
what is my current month mobile bill?
Interest rates have gone up, but the bank refuses to raise the rate on my time certificate of deposit.Why?
Please help me to fill this form.
Can you let me know what is my current data plan?
3g services are not working on my device?
How do I get notified if there is a fraudulent transaction on my credit card
The fan was on
How to search in google
Shall we go/ leave
What are the Terms and conditions for EMI on my Credit Card?
What are the charges for call divert?
Please activate roaming plan on my number.
I want to cancel my booking
Balance is not reflecting after recharge.
Please activate call waiting service on my number.
Please update the month end activities
I have lost my identity card
I am applying for credit card.
She used to come here/ She would come here
What is the difference between 4G and LTE?
I want to Activate my Roaming Pack
wait in the line.
do I need to submit new address proof?
i want to change my Caller Tune
i want New Connection
What are the latest Unlimited internet data plans for mobile?
Thankyou madam.
how are you Watson
My manager is very good person.
Can you please provide me mine detailed bill ?
My bill amount is incorrect
what is the maturity date of my loan
He is learning hindi
Shah rusk khan is the richest bollywood actor
i like to change my address
i want  temporary Suspension of my number
What was my Last Bill Due Amount
How do I change my billing address online?
Cat got your tounge.
Order is shipped to customer or service is performed
I'm trying to change my address. Why is the address I'm entering giving me an error message?
I have been facing network issue since last 3 days.
I want to read Promotional Scheme
How do I add or change my email address?
In my area network is not coming properly
I want to activate international roaming on my number
I want to activate a data package on my number
How much data balance is left.
please issue me duplicate bill
Is it charged now?
I want to change the billing address
You didn't have to come so early.
where can i see the receipt of debit card?
How do I know if my Mobile Recharge was processed?
Total call duration in my current bill is incorrect
He is brave enough to go there by himself.
i want to recharge my mobile
I'm wondering whether to take on that job.
Accounts payable
who are you?
I want to know my last 5 recharges.
I am unable to renew my STDR online
i want to restore my prepaid services
How many calories are in a banana?
How many square feet in an acre?
where is my welcome kit
I want to know the account closing formalities
I want to activate a caller tune on my number.
i want feedback form
play the song
I want to know my account balance.
This is request for change password
Please tell me the recharge plans applicable on my number.
How can i do video call from my mobile?
what is my payment option .
My Internet is not working
dial tone is coming in the phone
I have made all the payments on time
to generate your pin, please press
You are very much welcome.
Let me get first your account number so we can check your account, would that be ok?
I am the account holder.
Thank you for your patience!
I surely appreciate your time and patience!
You are welcome. We are open 24 by 7 just in case that you'll need our help again.
For security purposes, let me just verify your account first.
I need to verify your First and Last Name?
You'll get your Card Replacement within the next 3-5 Business Days.
You're such a big help!
how can i get my billing address?
Difference between Router and Switch.
What is the difference between Internet and ISDN?
What is the difference between analog and digital modulation?
I want to check my bank account details.
I realize this has been an inconvenience to you. Please let us set things right.
What is the quality of product ?
Why can Bluetooth equipment integrate easily in TCP or IP network?
our customer care officer will contact you shortly
Memory allocation of variables declared in a program is allocated on stack
As I can understand your concern, you were not able to use the facilities for almost half a month and that is why you wish to log a ticket for bill amount waiver.
The Bank may at its sole discretion accept or reject the EMI conversion request without assigning any reason whatsoever.
What is your name ?
Enter one sentence per submission only.
Do you want to add a nominee?
list of next upcoming movies
Enter one sentence per submission only.
Please change my billing cycle.
How can I link my two accounts?
what is the color of my scooter ?
Hello this is Paras Speaking
i want to withdraw money from my account.
where is the nearest bank?
Please activate my message service?
How Can I port my mobile from one operator to another operator
Please let me know about your business hours.
What is my account balance?
please unlock my ID
Will I get any compensation?
I want a compensation.
Please send me duplicate copy of current bill.
What is my PF Amount
you want to change my  mobile plan
May i know your account number?
Automated bill payments
Deactivate automated bill payments
I want to deactivate the current VAS and a refund
What has been your biggest failure?
What is your name?
Are you okay now?
what is the maturity value of fixed deposit?
How would you cope with criticism and a complaint against you?
Do you know me?
i want to get my billing address changed.
I have a query regarding my data balance
can you deactivate my sim?
I want to change my billing address
What procedure would you adopt when taking a customer call?
I want apply for new check book
If a team is assigned, how will you lead it?
i want to link my number with aadhar card
You should deposit at least Rs. 500/- if you need cheque book, you have to maintain a minimum balance of Rs. 1000/-.
Is my driver’s license OK?
I WANT TO DEACTIVATE 3G on  MY  phone
It is ****.
I do not want statements to be sent to my mailing address. How do I stop the same?
I want to reset PIN of my debit card.
However, the price would vary depending on the package you have selected.
I want the EMIs to be charged to my account automatically.
what is my bank account number?
Please give me a minute as I gather more details for you.
Are you aware that Mbps means 'megabits per second', which is a measurement of speed? How can 3Mbps be faster than 3Mbps?
Let me try to explain this a different way- What's faster, 3 miles per hour on a bicycle, or 3 miles per hour in a car?
How do i reactivate my sim card?
What is the cheapest and basic pack in your network?
I want to change my address
Please activate my 4G internet data on my smart phone.
Where can I get my permanent address changed?
Please help me to find my bill
Can I withdraw 50000 amount at a time through ATM?
How do i retrieve my latest bill
Can you show my Bill Plan ?
How can I come to know of the latest lucrative call service plans through customized calls who can suggest which plan to shift to?
where is my shipment ?
my brain is not working
How do i port my number?
I want to give a very bad feedback for the service received on my last complaint.
How are you ? What do you like most in life ?
Please provide the status of national roaming pack on my phone
Please provide the call charges applicable on national roaming pack.
How many applications do I have on my phone?
How do I start the complaint process?
Which documents are required to update billing address.
Which documents are required to update billing address.
You would require to submit a copy of PAN card.
Where can I find information about TDR scheme determinations?
What is the CVV number?
What are the interest rates offered by BAJAJ FINANCE LIMITED?
Will any special rates be applicable for specific category of applicants?
What are the different types of credit cards?
What are the service facilities that will be offered to me?
Who can open a Fixed Deposit account with BAJAJ FINANCE LIMITED?
What are the service facilities that will be offered to me?
KYC documentation required:
Can I show this FD investment for tax exemption?
What is the process to claim a FD if the customer is no more?
Your feedback is valuable to us
I am unable to track my FD certificate. Please assist.
I want to upgrade my data plan.
In case of non payment of the existing loan will my FD be impacted?
How do I redeem my Bank Rewards?
How to check if (Fixed Deposit) FD is created?
Will I get a FD Advice?
What are the Interest rates offered by ICICI Bank on Fds?
What is reinvestment or cumulative FD?
What is the range of tenure for which I can open a FD account?
Please wait for sometime.
How can I help you?
How can I pay my bill
i want to apply for new passbook ?
I would rather die than beg.
learn cloud technology
I want a new 4G SIM
Service Assurance
i want to payment of my credit card.
What makes you roll your eyes every time you hear it?
How can I link multiple accounts
My ATM card is expired. I want to renew it. What should i do?
In other words, if a feature is queued for long time in the backlog it would hit customer lead time while it won't hit cycle time / production lead time.
what is your name
I have a headache.
I didn’t quite hear that, sorry, can you say that again?
I want to understand my current usage charges
I want to know about new bill plans
Have you done work today
We want corruption free India.
What are the various data plans available
How can I be of service to you today?
Do I need to exchange the OHD notes at my bank branch only?
what is your name
thank you for your time.
I want to port-out.
what is the maturity date of my loan
I want to block a person from calling me
I want to go back to my previous plan
can i make the payment of my credit card from other bank
is there a part payment option for the home loan
My electricity bill is not correct
What is the data speed of the internet plan I use ?
How much 4G data has been used by me in this month?
How the bill will be corrected?
My bill address is wrong
I have the ability to come first
It's raining heavily in Mumbai
My phone is not catching any signal
i am seeing only 1 network bar on my phone
you want to know your tariff plan
I want to know in detail about the Housing loan please
I want to Change my address. What i need to do..Is there a need  to Visit bank or can be done online
My internet is very slow
Currently I am using IBM data plan.Please tell me any better plan where I will get unlimited call and Data.
I deactivated my broadband account still I received the bill
I want to check my account balance
football is a good sport
My bill amount is incorrect.
where do you live?
I need your support to make my future bright.
Sorry the information that you have given does not match with our records
where do you work ?
How do I make a loan application?
happy birthday to you
we should respect our parents and loves to kids
How do I repay the loan?
what is the current rate of interest in my savings bank account?
I want to go home
How much do you charge for it?
What is Broadband?
Where are you traveling to?
I am traveling to Singapore.
What is my Credit limit?
My Smartphone keeps asking me to update the Apps & Softwares every now & then. How does this affect my Mobile Internet Usage?
What should I do if I have a dual SIM phone to get the best mobile internet experience?
When will I be charged late payment fees and how much?
What are the National Roaming charges?
What are the international roaming call charges?
How are incoming international roaming charges reflected in the bill / why am I billed twice for a single incoming call?
My internet is working very slow after changing my Plan
What is the process to activate DND service on my number?
Do you love eating sweets?
I want to request for safe custody of my call details
Can I view the transactions converted into EMI in Internet Banking?
Would every POS terminal ask for a PIN?
Please approve my journal posted in erp.
Can I make the payment of amount due on card deducting the refund received from merchant?
Is there a balance transfer option available for ICICI Bank Credit Card?
I have forgotten my credit card User ID. How can I get it?
Without login into Internet banking can I see my Credit Card statement on your website?
How do I convert my existing magnetic stripe credit card to Chip and PIN Credit Card ?
Within how many days can I dispute a transaction?
I have a supplementary/ add-on card. Can I avail of the privileges too?
Where can I find the list of participating Banks for IMPS payment?
How can I get my Internet Banking User ID for my credit card?
I'm on a Nationwide plan. Am I eligible for Friends & Family?
Is enhancing the credit limit on card by opening new fixed deposit or by offering another fixed deposit as â€œguaranteeâ€� permitted?
Do I need to be using a specific Mobile handset to avail this service?
I'm a business customer. Can I subscribe to Friends & Family?
What is waived amount under Credit Builder Program?
how can i pay?
I want you to restart my citrix connection.
You can Modify or Delete the Standing Instruction whenever you want.
Tell me the procedure of the transfer of call
I tried but unfortunately the sim card won't fit in.
What is the validity period of the base fare waiver ticket code received on basis of my Jet Airway Credit Card?
Will there be any extra charges if alerts facility is enabled for credit card?
How will I receive information of transactions on my Credit Card?
send a duplicate copy of my bill via mail.
I forget my ATM PIN
Going for movie today
I want to play a game
What is the process for tranfering the locker from one branch to anohter?
Do your bank have locker facility
How you did this ?
I want to know the new plans
I want to know about internet banking
What is the capital of india.
My friend is Harpreet.
what is my promotional plan ?
what are the ways of transferring money online
How do I set up my account to make managing my money easier?
How to update debit card information
How many connection can be accepted in a family plan?
Where i can find my documents
I want to change time in my watch
What is Recurring Deposit
I want to update my mobile number for my bank account
I have recently shifted to my new house so want to change my address in the bank records
What will be the levied ATM charges?
What happens if I pay more than the total amount due on my credit card?
What do I do in case an upgraded / new card has been assigned to me by ICICI Bank?
Can I receive the ATM PIN through SMS facility?
What is ADSL?
The water of this tap is not good.
How do I avail a new BSNL Mobile Postpaid connection?
What living person, other than family members, do you most admire?
Who is the funniest person you know?
Whatâ€™s your favorite smell in the whole world?
If you could pick a new first name, what would it be?
Hello How are you
which class are you studying?
What are the part payment charges for a Car Loan?
What is invoicing?
How to calculate interest?
What is IBM?
How to enjoy the weekend?
How much tax was charged?
What is journal accounting?
i want sim replacement
i want to know status of refund
i want to change the owner of my sim
What are the documents required for opening a Current Account of Limited Liability Partnership?
I want to de-activate my cell number
What is my Credit card bill for last 6 months?
I want to check the amount due till date
What is the last payment date on my loan?
I want to check the amount due till now
What are the applications of Broadband
Request and listen to any type of songs
the courier company said my name was not given correctly on the demand draft
What is the initial deposit amount required to open the Flexi Account?
can you tell me the maturity date of my fixed deposit
Is there any roaming charges ?
I need my sim
how to open an Bank Account ?
Request you to please change my data plan.
what are the documents needed to open an bank account?
Request you to please deactivate this service
Please update the recharge status of my Data pack.
I want to know the status of my refund request
I lost my bill, so please send me duplicate bill.
Can i change my account branch location to new location by sending a mail.
I want to change my email id.
I have submitted my Aadhar number at your authorized store then why did you disconnect my connection
how can i check my internet balance?
how to convert an minor account into major account?
Yesterday I paid my balanced bill amount but it is still not updated in my account.
how can i open a saving account?
You are wearing pink today.
I have lost my hair
Avarice is root of all evils.
Drowning man catches at straw.
Do you have pen?
Bhawana Gupta is Verizon floor trainer
What is my data balance remaining for my number ?
hello. How can I help you?
I need to discontinue my number.
A friend in need is a friend in deed.
my apologies
I have lost my data card
I want to know about the tariff plans
my bill amount is incorrect.
i would like to change my billing address
Customer order is documented
Please activate roaming on my mobile phone.
Like father, Like Son
Recently, I have been facing problem in Internet Speed
Optimize working capital through optimal DSO levels
Build predictive management for credit risk exposures
Please deactivate all services on my phone
Recharge my DTH
What are the details of my loan account
Welcome to Verizon.My name is Shamsuz.
We are sorry for the inconvenience that you are facing
How do I change my Online and Mobile Banking User ID and/or Password?
What is the last payment date on my loan
I want to update my address.
I need your help to open new account.
ok, kindly accept these photocopies of identity proof
Thank you for calling us.
I hope I was of service.
please share the status of mobile
you have charged incorrectly for roaming services
What are the promotional scheme available for against my account.
i want to start my data
I love eating chocolates.
my email id password is not working
you will get 5GB data per month
IBM Expertise is a discovery tool that quickly finds the experts who can provide the insight you need.
We are glad to assist you.
It was awesome experience.
i have idea connection
It was a real pleasure being here today. Goodbye and thank you.
My recharge amount is still pending.
Do I need to submit two separate documents for proof of identity and proof of address?
please hold on for a minute I am changing the plan
Today I would like to outline our plans
I would like to merge my account with my husbands
I want to change my correspondence address
no thats all for now thanks a lot
When can we talk about this again?
how to activate the new number
Spelling of my name is wrong
Can you please help me out?
I am getting this problem again and again.
I think, my bill amount is not correct.
How to get my password reissued?
my weight is 70 kg
How much time it will take to correct my communication address in my account?
What are the charges for Mobile Number Porting?
My complain has not yet been resolved.
how i can change my telefone billing address?
I am married
What are you doing?
Where do you live
Please contact me after some time.
How secrecy of PIN is maintained?
I want to know the bill details.
How Can I make my SBI Credit Card payments through State Bank ATMs?
How can I update my address in bank
The entire EMI amount will be included in calculation of Minimum Amount Due payable by the cardholder.
The rates auto populated are for Resident deposits
On how may numbers family plan can be activated ?
Since no tax is payable by the individual no TDS should be deducted by the bank.
How to cancel a schedule transaction?
fixed Deposit(FD) is an investment product which allows you to invest a lump of money for a fixed time period and at a fixed rate of interest.
what is the rate of interest on home loan?
I want a locker ? Is there one available in home branch?
Tractor Loans Interest Rates in detail
What are the details of my loan account
What is the current rate of interest on gold loan
what is my bill amount
Now the time is 4:00 PM
You're welcome! And, again, my name is Sydney!
The address in my bill statement is not correct.
girls
Cycling is my hobbie
Do you want to buy a better plan?
I need to pay my electricity bill using online banking
I am unable to use internet
What is my remaining data balance
I need to port my SIM to other service provider
There are better postpaid plans by other service providers
what is my bill due date?
I am not happy with the customer service provided by your company.
Please can you check and let me know my account balance?
Please give me information.
What are the new plans for  post paid
Do i have internet active on my number
Thank you for calling IBM. Have a nice Day.
am I speaking with Mr bhaskar?
I want to change my bill plan
How to port sim card.
I am working in IBM
My father is writer
Which plan do you want to update?
You data balance is 50 GB.
How can you be so sure?
My bill amount is incorrect
What is the process for number porting
I have not received my bill so please send it.
I want to change my SIM from postpaid to prepaid. Please advise?
He sings the words every girl wants to hear and every boy is afraid to say.
So it is easy to collect the footage and find out if there was a transaction at all or not.
Mobile Recharge is a service that allows you to send credit to any mobile phone in the world.
Do you watch Cricket
Being a Prime valued customer I want a waiver of my bill amount which seems to be very high as per my monthly usage.
Can I apply for a prepaid connection online
i want to have a locker
What is my bank balance?
Postpaid Offers on my number
What is the bill amount
to activate roaming
My monthly rental is being shown incorrectly in my current billing statement
reset my pin
How can I help you?
My debit card got blocked due to multiple attempts with the wrong ATM PIN
My bill amount is incorrect.
how do i reset the password
What is GST?
How to calculate GST?
You still have eight thousand rupees
how was things going on
Hello Watson
This months bill is not generated yet, even after the monthly billing date is over
What is my current internet usage
I want to change my Office Address
I cannot login to my account
I want to update my date of birth
I want to update my date of birth
The internet speed on my mobile is really slow
You will need your APN settings to be set to this for internet and MMS services.
I want to port out
How can I recharge my data balance ?
How can I check which is my Mobile Internet plan?
We have registered your complaint
You will receive text message for the same
3G stands for third generation wireless.
Every time i give a call, there is a call drop after connection
Is my ticket confirmed?
May I ask you for better services?
The moment you complete the entire process for your mobile recharge you will get  information from us.
NCPR is a data base containing the list of the telephone numbers of all subscribers who have registered their preferences for commercial communications.
You can change the current preference after 7 days of last NCPR transaction; either registering for the first time or preference change.
what is my data balance
i don't have proper network in bandlaguda jagir area
I am unable to Browse.
I want to create Airtel Postpaid Family plan.
Are you married ?
Its been 15 days since I  have opted for mobile portability with another mobile phone provider. However, I still see that its been pending from your end. Please specify the reasons for the same.
I have lost my phone and I have registered a FIR for the same. Can you please block my number with immediate effect?
Interest on Recurring Deposit is applied on a quarterly compounding basis
Interest is paid only on maturity;
In case of fixed deposits above 1 Cr no pre-mature withdrawal shall be allowed
my name is Daman
I want to convert my credit card spends into EMI
old habits die hard
The interest may be paid either in a lump sum at the time of maturity or it may be paid every quarter or every month
What is the use of crying when the birds ate the whole farm?
Knows no dance, claims the stage is tilted.
What is the meaning of Supplier?
My Intranet Password is expired. How to reset it?
i want cancel a cheque because. i have a issue.
Are there any restrictions on transfer of immovable properties?
please send me the list of existing teriff plans with low data and high calls.
Watson is my best friend.
How to generate card pin online
do we have any charge for this
Show the spend analysis for January on my Credit Card ?
I have some a query about deductions made to my account.  Please help!
I am de-activating your sim right now. It will take 30 minutes time.
what is my best offer
What is my bill amount
what is my last transaction
how could i use international roaming in rwanda
what is my monthly bill cycle
I did note received my ATM card.
communication over a distance by cable
We are really sorry for the inconvenience caused to you.
i want bill on my mail
Can I please put call on hold for 2 minutes
may i know your full name please
what is your full address
how are you doing today
How to send bill on mail?
Can you please tell me reason for frequent call drop
please switch off your mobile
what is you age
my internet is very slow today.
Yes, you can switch from current CDMA network to GSM or from current GSM network to CDMA.
place it wherever you like
Who are involved in Porting process?
how i can improve our communication skill?
When did you buy this new pen?
How can the existing NRI customers apply for ATM-cum-Debit Cards?
Please change my tariff
I want check my balance validity status
I had completed my graduation in 2016
Why buy an International SIM Card in India?
Let me understand
Please submit your personal details.
How do I Change Address?
How do I update Nominee Details in account?
How do I add a Joint Account holder?
How can I apply for Cheque Book?
I am not able to open the E-mail Statement of Account file
Can I upload Form 15G / 15H on internet banking?
What are the restrictions on Inactive and Dormant accounts?
How can I partly prepay or foreclose the loan?
Do I need to give references?
Can an investment made under PIS be repatriated?
When I used my debit card, cash was taken back by the machine.
My ATM card is not working.
This charge includes the $7 monthly Wireless Gateway fee.
U-verse Internet Pro gives you up to 3Mbps download speed and up to 1Mbps upload speed, which is best for connecting with friends and family through email and social networking at an affordable price.
You said that before.
How can I port my number to other network?
As soon as the fear approaches near, attack and destroy it
My plan is still not changed.
Books are as useful to a stupid person as a mirror is useful to a blind person.
how to change my billing address.
What is steps to activate my number outside of my country
He who lives in our mind is near though he may actually be far away; but he who is not in our heart is far though he may really be nearby.
In your absence
What is my data plan
How do I get to know whether I have used up my Mobile Internet usage quota?
I want to change my address.
how to change address for my mobile connection
4 how much free data will I be getting.
How can I	reactivate my sim?
Please change my address
How I can transfer my mobile network to another mobile network ?
will you please help me on this
I am not able to hear you .
Please tell me current tariff plans.
I am unable to browse this file
please suggest the steps to resolve this problem
How do I subscribe for International Roaming?
Do you understand my issue or should I repeat it again
please allot me a new machine temporarily
Is is secure and safe to use
When did you recharge you PayTM wallet?
How much did you get your PayTM Wallet recharge?
how can make person happy?
I want to know about a cheaper plan
Please provide your details so that we can help you better?
how is your health now ?
what is you aim?
can you help me locate branch near me.
10.How do i recharge my calling plans?
please help me reset my password
I'm sorry, but I can't hear you well .
Please stop my credit card. I have lost it.
Can I help you
What is my bill amount
I want to subscribe to the latest bill plan.
why my payment has been rejected by the bank against my credit card
Hello, how are you?
Whats your name?
cash not dispensed
what is the maturity date of my fixed deposit ?
The data connection is very slow
How can I deactivate my 3G service on my phone?
How to get the international roaming
I need to activate the 3G service.
Can I convert my credit card spends into EMI
What is the discounted tariff for internet data services?
What is the changed tariff for prepaid connection?
What is the changed tariff for internet data services?
what is my name ?
What is my outstanding amount?
what is my data consumption for this month.
I want to change my data plan .
Tell me how could I help you ?
My name is Brijesh Tiwari.
Recharge my mobile for Rs. 100
Recharge Offers
I took leave yesterday
I just changed my flat
May i know your complete name and phone num
Meaning of Tradition
where are you living
Can you please help me in getting my credit card statement for last year ?
I want to change my bill plan
IBM has various process
I want to change my bill plan.
Today I am going to purchase a new bag.
I am not satisfied with my existing plan
I want to change my current address from my bank account.
keep it up.
Difference between SWIFT code and IFSC code
please use new billing address for next billing cycle onwards
Can you help to issue duplicate bill?
Give details about Value Added Service?
May I know which plan you are interested in?
I wan to transfer my ppf account from city A to B. What should I do?
Have you completed your Think40 Learning?
May I have some more information from you for better assistance?
I want to update my date of birth
I want to change my postpaid plan
I always study hard for exams
I don't have anyone
I want to change my bill cycle
he scored very well
i want to change my data plan
Please help me to understand my billing plan
What is your thought
i am working as a teacher for last 4 years.
I would like to close my postpaid connection as I am getting better plans with another Service provider.
my bill amount is incorrect
Can you please link my Credit card account to my Savings account so that I can settle my credit card overdue payment online through internet banking.
When you will complete all formalities, then Sim will be activated after verification
I am not able to understand under which section I should claim.
The main Vodafone customer support number is +44 7836 191 191.
Can I get a data plan for 15 days
I am sorry to hear you did not find a use for our product/service
Please deactivate my message service.
how to request new cheque book?
Can I prepay the loan?
I am facing network coverage problem in my area.
Sir/Madam kindly provide feedback on the Customer Service.
What is a Personal loan?
How do I check my bill
I am not getting calls on my number from 2-3 days.
i want to change my bill plan
How to get a Family Plan Linking
Recently i upgraded to 4g SIM
What is my data Balance
How long will it take for the amount to be credited to my HDFC Bank Credit Card?
How do I regenerate ATM/Debit Card PIN?
Can I apply jointly with my spouse?
Thank you for calling IBM. Have a nice Day.
please stop payment for my last cheque no- 000123
Will be charged extra for doing payment through ATM
Credit Card payments on ATM
Hi Good Morning
What is the current balance outstanding on my loan
I want activate caller tune
is i can apply demand draft with check
Thanks for intimation ,I had discussion with Arthur Urbano and added task for IBM BR Oracle Database Engineering Support team and for System admin as well.
can i request to increase validity of demand draft
May i know your name please
i want the balance to be transferred to my other number
i want to update my new bank account
I want register complain related to my account closure.
Is conference facility provided in the network?
Check my status of last 5 month recharge of my SMS plan
Is 4G same as LTE?
I want to know my unbilled amount.
I want to receive my last bill paid details.
How can I opt for National MNP?
One should learn from their mistakes
My 4g balance deducted without any reason
How to escalate a complaint to a higher authority?
Register a complain for my 2g balance deducted without notified me
Register a complain for my 4g balance deducted without notified me
I am not getting network on my number
when will i get call for sim activation?
How I can activate family plan on my network?
how can i get a personal loan
I would like to have a loan for constructing a house.
do you provide loan against mutual funds
Yes sir, please sign on the back of your cheque.
How much do I have to deposit to open a current account?
I would be asking the same questions as you are.
what is my mobile number
I'd love to help you with that.
Can you please tell me your account number
Who is a PIO?
Who is a guarantor?
What is my credit limit?
i want plan detail on my phone
Is there any plan available with international roaming for US?
Thank you for calling. We are glad to assist you.
i want new connection
Please send me my latest loan account statement.
Your call is being transfer to our customer care executive
i have network problem
Where can I buy a iPhone handset
I want to check my current outstanding amount
which is the cheapest plan ?
My money was deducted by my service provider has not received it,please check.
I want to know if I get any discount for payment before due date
I want a new sim card
I want to activate the safe custody on my number
I want to activate international roaming on my number
Net banking password has expired,how to get a new one?
How can I retrieve my credentials for net banking
I want to know about the taxes on my current bill amount paid
What is your contact number?
I want to know about the taxes on my previous bill paid
I want to enroll for Do Not Disturb service
I did not get my debit card PIN after many tickets, what is your escalation matrix
I have not received the refund for my canceled order yet.
Few days back I changed my residence. I need to update my new address in your records.
I want to update my account with new mobile number as soon as possible.
I want to change my data plan.
My location is changed, please activate roaming plan.
Sir, please check why is my mobile having network problem in this area.
Wifi not working from last few months
Where i can find expire date of ATM card?
What are the daily usage limits for my debit card for usage at ATMs and merchant outlets?
I have applied for a new Debit Card and I want to know the status.
Your current available balance is
Through technical support I have observed issue in laptop keypad.
My mailing address needs an update.
As I can check, you have last recharged your number on
I am not received mobile bill of this month
Kindly help me with your new sim number.
Please change the date of my mobile bill.
I want to activate the Caller Tunes for 6 months on my number.
To deactivate your sim, kindly answer the following questions as a part of security guidelines.
what are the charges for Demand Draft making?
I had recharged my pre paid mobile for Rs 100 but it is still not allowing me call
what is the administrative structure of India?
Once my SIM is activated, can i make international calls?
How long must I wait for reimbursement of fraudulent charges?
I need your help to change my mobile plan.
Where is my Physical Statement for savings account?
I have paid my bill amount but still my sim is not yet activated.
What are the charges for activating roaming facility?
I want to deactivate my current data plan.
I have forgotten/ not received my User ID and Password, how can I obtain them?
What are the transactions that I can do online?
My new plan is not activated yet.
Thank you for providing me the address.
At the end of 12 months, the regular price is $54/month plus applicable taxes, surcharges and usage.
I noticed that you said that plan is best for "connecting with friends and family through email and social networking" but it doesn't explicitly mention HD video streaming.
Yes, the package would be best suited for your streaming needs.
U-verse Internet Pro gives you up to 3Mbps download speed and up to 1Mbps upload speed
Roaming Deactivation
What is my account balance?
What are the options of phones available in market?
Please explain what you mean?
How to Admit Fault & What to Do About It
Can you please call me back
it's a good day today at Bank of Wealth, my name is Heather, How can I help you?
He is my colleague.
Responses for Dealing with Angry Customers
I have lost my credit card please block it.
I want to know my average monthly balance.
Looks like you have a trouble in resetting your password. However you don't have to worry about it. I will help you to re-set your password.
could you please increase my credit limit.
I could offer you a refund.
What is broadband?
I’m sorry, but this is against our company policy.
I’d like to help, but there’s nothing much I can do.
My Lotus notes is not working.
I want to report a voice quality issue
the last payment transaction done by you was not successful
i hope you enjoyed the plan benefits
So would you like to go for our newly introduced data plans.
Please note down your service request number.
How to update aadhar number with the bank account?
How do I order checks
what all documents required for Join account opening
How to pay the phone bill online?
Did you get my email ?
your data card basic plan will change by next month.
How much is my prorated bill
who is my account relationship manager?
I want to talk to your manager
What is the process to change my billing account?
All the services on your account are blocked due to non payment of bill.
what is balance in my account
whenever I dial any number or initiate any call, the signal strength significantly drops due to which I am unable to dial.
What is my Billing amount
Could you help me to book a flight?
What do you think it will work properly
I want to change my current billing plan
My contact number is 12345.
Why my money got transferred in to an incorrect account?
I want to disconnect my connection
please fil the survey
I am not able to withdraw money from ATM
HOW TO SAVE FILE DIRECTLY TO A PARTICULAR FOLDER?
What was the last thing you bought?
Please convert my credit card spent in EMI of 2000 rupees per month
how do i check my account balance?
How many documents are repeated in duplicate file
How can i get my all work completed on time?
How do I request for a Plan/Package change?
How can I increased my phone battery life.
If I upgrade to 4G does my current number need to change?
I want to get all furniture on rent.
What it my bill amount?
What is due date in mobile bill?
How much time is allowed to pay the bills?
I want to change my language
I am not happy with the service provided to me.
Who can register for my account ?
How can we move in cloud computing ?
I want to pay my phone bill
what is my bill amount
I want to activate a data package on my number
I want to know the balance of my data package
activate it
What are the processing fees charged by the bank for home loan?
my bill amount is incorrect
Kindly enable Do not disturb on my prepaid plan.
I wish to port my mobile number.
What documents do I need to get a new postpaid connection
I want to change my tariff plan for my prepaid number.
you can check your bill on website
How do I deposit using ATM
I need the procedure that how to get my Sim Replacement
how to get my Sim Replaced
I restarted the mobile.
changed the setting as you advised.
please tell me the latest mobile data plans
I am in a bit of hurry, please be a bit fast.
what are documents required to get the billing address changed
I want to open a Recurring Deposit.
when travelling outside the geographical coverage area of the home network,
What is my data balance
What is the due date of my bill?
what is debit card fees and charges
Thank you for helping on this address issue
Do we have any minimun recharge offer for ISD calls
Speeding-related actions are more often attributed to “Driving Too Fast For Conditions” that “Exceeded the Authorized Speed Limit
Please restroe internet services on my phone
can u please explain process of sim card activation
how can i block my sim card
How do I pay my fees?
Personalized  cheque  book  shall  be  hand  delivered  by the  Branch  to  the customer/authorized representative
How to open a bank account?
Where can we use DEBIT Card?
Where can we user CREDIT CARD?
how much data is left in my account?
I want to activate DND service on my number
i want to know my active services
I need to change my billing address
relevant information
Send me my credit card statement for month of July.
It is raining heavily
How can I change the mobile number linked to my bank account?
What is my bill amount
Is it the first time you are checking your account?
I want to inquire about home loan process.
I have One Thinkpad.
My name is Neeraj
Are you going to pay by card or cash?
My bill amount is incorrect
My bill amount is incorrect
can i get your name and birthdate
it's my pleasure
How can I activate 4g ?
What is my Loan Balance?
I want a cheque book
Maturity date of fixed deposit
this is more than enough
Will I get any message on my phone when the account gets transferred?
How do I get a duplicate Bill?
How can I change my number?
water is not cold
Sorry for the inconvenience
I need some help.
How to enquire about my bill tariff
How can I pay my bill.
What is your name?
call got disconnected after one hour continuous call.
I need my call history.
I am going
I need your help to resolve the issue.
I will call you back.
The side which score maximum goal win the match.
Lockers can not be allotted to minors either singly or jointly with others.
We have resolved your issue.
Issuing a duplicate bill is chargeable .
What is the procedure to convert the pre-paid plan to post-paid ?
my network is not giving me 4G option
I NEED TO ACTIVATE STD FACILITY
I have a problem with my bill
I want to change my laptop
It will take about two days, since it is a local Cheque
My port is out of status
The TDS amount calculated on the accrued interest is remitted to the tax authorities on behalf of the customer by the Bank.
In the absence of a valid PAN, tax will be deducted at the prevailing rate or 20% whichever is higher.
At the time of placing the Term/Fixed Deposit an Advice shall be issued by Bank
I am satisfied with your customer service
How can I apply for an Add-on credit card?
what will be my billing cycle
What is an e-mail.?
Can you tell me which forms do i need to fill in to obtain car loan.
Interest rate on EMI for my credit card is monthly or yearly?
We achieved Client metrics last month
what is my current account balance?
what is the rate of interest for saving account?
I want to activate international roaming on my number
Within how much time will i get my credit card replaced?
i love airtel data plan it is very cheap
I  am unable to request for a cheque book through Internet Banking for my personal Account. What do I do?
How can I keep an eye on my account and check my balance?
I want to know the balance of my data package
Thank you for being on line, it will take some more time to check your information please be on line..
Hi This is Archit
My Name is Neha
Why you need my PAN Card details again and again for maintaining my account in your bank
can you please share me the process of changing address
What is my Bill cycle ?
It was a hectic day today
i want to ask data card
it would be best if you could complete this work today.
deactivate my caller tune services
Yes, of course. Here is a brochure about our most popular cards.
I need new clothes
What is your name?
Are you from speaking on behalf of Airtel?
Is incoming call free during national roaming
I want to change my ATM Pin
whom to contact for complain in bank?
Recharge my DTH for  RS 100
I did not receive the Bill of Last Month
When does the movie start?
i need to deposit rs 5000 in my account
my bill is incorrect
I want to order a Demand Draft.
what is the procedure to activate internet banking?
What are the details of my loan account
I want to deactivate my Alternate Number
Send me my credit card statement from april
please tell me my number is eligible for taking talk time loan ?
I want to know my current bill
after my network issue got fixed they outplayed smartly and increased my monthly rental without any notice, i had to again reach out to the same floor manager for getting this fixed.
where can i see my credit score
for fixed deposit is we need saving account in bank?
how to activate international roaming pack?
Send Rupees 5000 to Raj Kumar who is not in my beneficiary list.
Please schedule my Credit Card Payment for 10th day of every month.
Send me my credit card statement for last 5 months for this year from April.
What is my remaining loan balance?
dont waste my time
my phone is not working since morning
I want hard copy of the bill
I need my current month complete bank statement.
i want to know my loan details on my phone
client is priority
I have posted the request to re-issue my debit card and cheque book.Can you please let me know the final status on the same?
In case of non-resident FD holders tax shall be deducted at source as per the provisions of section 195 of Income Tax Act, 1961.
What if I cross credit limit on my credit card?
For the deposit amount remaining after the part withdrawal, interest rate will be reset as the rate applicable
In case of the Term/Fixed Deposit being prematurely closed for the purpose of reinvestment into another scheme of Term/Fixed Deposit
The single holder or the joint holders of the Deposit may, by filing in necessary particulars in the prescribed form at the time of making the Deposit
nominate any person who, in the event of death of the single or both the joint holders as the case may be shall become entitled to the Deposit and the payment thereon
You should improve your customer service
How to pay bill by net banking?
ATM is located beside the road
I want to know the details of my last 5 transactions
How do I get a Post-paid connection?
where are you going
Bills Not Received
How can I change my payment terms?
Hi, This is Nishtha calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
i do not like this SIM
recharge is not yet done
Hi, This is Amit calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Farhad calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
Hi, This is Akshay, Calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
How do I check my balance?
Do I have to pay for the unauthorized calls made from my lost mobile phone?
how to deactivate 3g services
what are the self service applications
Be a good human being.
I want to deactivate some value added services to my current plan.
How to reactivate my dormant bank account?
What is the tariff plan for data services?
how much my education loan remaining ?
how to re-generate ATM pin
I am from south india
Airtel is indias largest mobile network
This guide will serve as the ultimate customer service scenarios cheat sheet for you to refer to any time you need guidance.
How do I open a joint bank account?
Hi. How do i reset my ATM PIN?
i deposited the bill but by mistake deposited for wrong mobile number what could be solution for this.
what are you up to
how to reset atm pin?
i want to apply for check book.
He was sleeping yesterday morning.
not coming to office tommorow
how can i change my language
Could you check if my payment is made for the mobile connection issued on my name
Which is Total amount of my car
what is color of my car
What is my learning topic?
What are the charges applicable if I close FD/ RD/ iWish before the maturity date?
Do you want to exchange old car
what is your age
I am doing business.
I am looking for a job.
I have noticed that someone has removed stickers from my desk
When is the next full moon?
I want to change my mobile network
Now look at the clock. What is the actual time?
call me back
i want to take a loan
I have been overcharged for for my data pack
what is my data limit ?
How can I change my bill plan?
I use a lot of internet. What is a better plan for me?
What are the stages involved in taking a home loan?
Please issue duplicate mobile bill
Which all Value Added Service are active on my mobile
what was the last transaction that you made
How much is my data balance amount for mobile?
Enter the details about your new billing address. Once you have filled out all the necessary fields, click the "Send" button.
Thank you. I will make photocopies of your ID and be right back.
How much is my credit limit
still i am facing same issue again
What are the charges of Safe custody?
the status of belonging to a particular nation is called nationality
what are the different types of family plans available ?
In case of standing instructions, if there is no balance in my account what would happen?
I want to know my fixed deposit amount
How does that sound?
Who can apply for ATM-cum-Debit Card?
Do you know how to drive?
What is new development program?
What is the color of your car
what is your total bill.
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Hemraj, How may I assist you?
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Neha, How may I assist you?
how are you
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Anil, How may I assist you?
What are the national and international roaming charges of my plan?
My bill amount is incorrect
There are apps that run in the background and eat up your mobile data without you even knowing.
My name is Akshaya
Can you please let me know your roaming call and data rates.
What is capital market?
How many invoices have you handled on a monthly basis?
If I require money can you give me loan against my FD, at a lower rate?
I wish to update my billing address.
Can I be disconnected if my complaint is about my bill?
My billing address is not correct, I need to change it.
Is there a time limit on making a complaint?
You would require to submit a copy of PAN card.
What are the details of my loan account
What is the last payment date on my loan
How to add a nominee to saving account
Which one of your friends are you proudest of?
How would you describe me to your friends?
What are the charges for using GPRS/Data internationally?
Why am I billed for roaming even when I have not visited any roaming location in the last billing period?
My Sim card with number 9xxxxxxxxx is still not activated.
Can I claim for costs involved in making my complaint?
Do I have to come to a hearing?
How much will it cost?
Yes. You can preview a CallerTune by clicking on the song preview button.
Is there a better tariff plan for heavy data users like me?
i love to write code
How can I get my latest Mobile Balance?
How do I change/modify my account details?
i have two laptops
My phone bill is incorrect for current month
Internet charges have been incorrectly applied in my last month bill
I would like to take IBM Corporate plan
can same number be used at different network ?
How to recharge my mobile from my credit card
What is your birth month ?
What is the time during night when data usage is completely free on Jio?
Where is my Physical Statement of Savings account?
Yes, sir. You will get your money instantly there.
I just paid my phone bill two days ago and my payment is not reflected in the bill
As a student, is there anything I should be aware of?
Just a minute, sir.
Thanks! I won’t like to wait any longer. Five hundred rupees notes are alright with me.
Thank you. I shall definitely count my money before I leave.
Could you please help me to open an account?
Are you a customer of this bank?
But I need the money urgently.
I want to get my bill cycle changed.
You are totally right.
Please make sure to have a nominee in your account.
Hello how are you
I am not able to call by my cell phone
What is the nearest restaurent?
Can you help me with the loan transfer process
What is your problem?
Is the cancellation process is same for all the other bank cards?
Can I repay the amount due before the EMI tenure ends?
What is the cancelation procedure for BT on EMI?
Can I repay the amount due before the EMI tenure ends?
you need to sign these papers.
Can you provide me information regarding the last 5 balance deductions on my account.
What are the 3G  data roaming charges on National Roaming?
What is revocable letter of credit ?
your wife is very nice.
What are the service hours of your call center?
Sir, we call-center cannot process that request
I need a payment receipt for my payment
which services you would like to do
This will be charged in your next bill.
What is your name?
Good morning all
To get a new prepaid connection you need just to fill up Prepaid Customer Application Form (CAF)
I have applied for port of my current number to your company last week, but till now my new SIM is not activated with the same number.
Hi, I would like to reset my ATM Pin
I can see that your duplicate bill got dispatched on the same day itself
How to get a personal locker in the bank if I already have a bank account?
To reset your ATM pin, Please follow the below guidelines:
we have processed your query
This is regarding request 201.
Do I need to pay any charges for new SIM?
You can also get in touch with our customer care anytime
Why My Bill is Exceeding from my bill plan rate
What is banking?
what about promo/spam that are alphabetic? like "DM-DOMINO" will those get filtered out of we opt for fully blocked DND category?
What types of calls do the call centres handle?
How can I manage my mobile account on my own?
What does the future hold for call centre employment in India?
What is my Credit limit?
How do I check my bill online?
I want details on my current bill plan.
What are the securities/collateral you need to provide?
I would like to know the remaining money in my account
can you please let me know the previous balance
I want to know my KYC document I have submitted for my account
Here is your cash, sir. Please ensure that you. Have got exactly the right amount.
Internet is not working on my mobile phone.
what will be best recharge offer for STD
What would be the best-case scenario for you?
there is problem in network connectivity
Well Done!
Please send me an e-mail about fixed deposit rates
Congratulations!
kindly activate 3 G service on my  cell number
what are the different charges included in telephone bill
We appreciate your service and hope to hear from you soon!
It appears that you've been inactive for a few minutes now. Please feel free to use our live chat service if you have any questions.
It looks like you're visiting quite a few pages without making a purchase! Can we help you find anything?
It's been a while since you've last checked your shopping cart—are you ready to check-out, or can we help you browse our selection?
We may need to use screen sharing to diagnose your issue. Is it okay for us to remotely access your computer?
I want to activate movie on demand on my cell number
How may I help you today ?
We thank you for holding and apologize about the wait
I did not get e-bill from July, 2017 for my mobile
Explain me the procedure to recharge of mobile balance
May I know your account number ?
where is india gate
My bill paid 2 times unknowingly
I want to know about my data plan
Please let me know what is my current bill
I have paid my bill but it is not showing in tool.
How may I help you ?
please deactivate my hardcopy bills and send me only soft copy of my bill in my email Id.
Is a co-applicant mandatory for a loan?
I want to know about my bill plan.
Do I need to give permanent residential details in India?
Do you need employer / business details?
Keep the ATM card safely.
Do you want to fly out of Los Angeles International or Burbank Airport?
It is raining outside.
How can I explore new Plans & Offers?
What are the various modes of bill payment available to me?
You are laughing
How do I Get Bill on eMail?
How to change password in internet banking ?
What is an Itemized Bill?
Do I need to pay any security deposit for using International Roaming?
What data usage rate will I be charged?
In case I’m not using Vodafone Mobile Connect, what are the possible circumstances where I might be billed for data usage?
Types of accounts user can have in Internet banking?
Will I be billed for  Live or V Mobile Connect if I’m using BlackBerry service?
Shift from a Company owned account to an Individual owned account
What is National MNP?
What will happen to my existing balance in case I port out to other operator?
Can I Port to same service provoder in some other circle, if I already have a Number?
what is my data balance ?
It is a number allotted to a specific short distance charging area in the National Numbering Plan for accessing the telephone in such area.
What is post-paid subscription?
Jewelry/Gold transaction are not eligible for EMI conversion.
No matter how big your next Credit Card purchase, go right ahead. Just contact us and convert your transaction
Other debit transactions like cash withdrawals, Balance Transfer and card fees will not be eligible for this facility.
Dictionary
What is the procedure to follow if my Debit Card PIN is blocked?
It is shown under the head ‘Income from Other Sources’ in your Income Tax Return.
calculate your tax liability accordingly – matching it with the yearly TDS deduction at the bank’s end.
Is the network down for this area.
How to Handle a Customer Requesting a Refund
How to (Tactfully) Let a Customer Know It’s Their Mistake
How to Request a Review of Your Product or Service at the Right Time
what is your name?
What are the key features you think that customer associate should possess to become perfect customer associate?
What are the roaming charges for my plan?
If you want to continue using the service it is fine, the same amount would be deducted next month, else please get it disabled to save your amount to be deducted next month.
K2 is the second highest mountain peak in the word
How can I get the bill on email?
can you please open the door?
could you please start miss-call alter service.
Could you please tell me my Last Month Bill
what are the norms to full fill billing address change request
insert it in your phone once your old SIM disconnects
Please share your screen
I have a network related issue on my phone.
insert it in your phone once your old SIM disconnects
Please deactivate Roaming Pack  on Bill Plan
Where is my Debit Card?
What is my Credit card bill for last  month?
lately, I have been facing some problem in VIDEO Call connectivity
Please let me know about the best datacard plan.
My internet data plan is not correct
Send me Credit card bill statement for last six months
I want to activate hello tunes on my number
Explanation Of Bill
where to give feedback on customer service?
I will sort this out for you right away.
Thank you for the information
I want to know the bill for my international roaming package
sir thanks for the information
I would like to know my current balance.
i am fine how about you
I want to open a bank account for my son
I want to open a bank account for my daughter
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Purnima, How may I assist you?
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Nabila, How may I assist you?
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Anil, How may I assist you?
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Divyansh, How may I assist you?
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Bindu, How may I assist you?
Hi, Thank You for calling Accredo Health Group, My Name is Akshay, How may I assist you?
i want to link my Demat account with saving account
Jt account holder  name  and balance on the fixed deposit
I want to change the address of my mobile number.
Do you want to recharge?
what is my Credit card bill for last march month
Hello, what is your name?
could you try sending that information around 3:30?
Charge mention on your website and deduction in my account is different
Data charged without my concern.
I don't receive any prealerts for data deduction.
I want to change my ATM PIN number.
I want update my mobile no. of my account.
For Reset your ATM Pin, May i know last 4 digit of your ATM Card?
When will I get the handover of the my flat?
I want to know about the best plan for international calling.
Today is 5th September and we are celebrating Teachers Day.
Please change my signature.
I am feeling good today
What forms do I need to fill up?
What are the charges for prepaying my loan?
What is your name?
How do I check my existing plan charges?
can you show me better data plans
your service is pathetic and i want to disconnect this connection
what does PIN means
can i place you call on hold
Please provide details regarding friends and family plan for my subscription
I want to know the benefits in my bill plan
I want to update my Pan number in my account
How come you are late today
I want to know your address and mobile number
May i know my current balance?
I told you something
What are the STD call charges?
I have not received by debit card even after a month,What should I do?
How can I register online for Mobile Banking ?
Please help me to transfer money to an account at another bank.
Can I apply jointly with my husband?
Are there fees for requesting a replacement ATM card?
You are stupid.
Are there transaction fees for using my debit card?
When will the final purchase amount replace the pending amount and be posted to my checking account?
What is the fastest way to get my debit card?
How do I replace my ATM card with a debit card?
How do I find my account number?
Whom will you contact first for this issue?
Can I get a cashier's check in a banking center?
What is the FDIC?
where do u work ?
My cell number is temporally suspended
which one is good mobile for calling
Thank you for using our live chat service. I am now closing this chat. If you have any more issues, please don't hesitate to let us know. Have a great day!
how we can set a caller tune
I need a duplicate bill soon.
May I have your account number listed on your bill?
I'll need either your date of birth or the last four digits of your social security number to proceed.
Before we proceed, may I ask you to verify your current home address?
I lost my original bill, please send me a duplicate one.
Am I entitled for home loan.
I want to update my address
what is my bill amount ?
what is  bill amount for my prepaid mobile number
How can I help you today?
What is my overdraft limit?
How can I get the credit limit increased on my credit card?
can i know remaining balance in my current account
can you please explain me your issue in detail
I have a very good data plan for you
I wanted to update address for my account.
Pelase recharge 50 rupees full talktime.
India is a large country.
be yourself
I want to know the latest offers on data card
Now you go ahead
Please make your service good
I am glad it worked
i can provide you
Please do the needful
make sure you are checking properly
Mai i know
Can I make the payment of my credit card thru other bank ?
Can I get the statement of all my account in one mail?
I love birds!
What to do if you are getting the message on the ATM "INVALID CARD" ?
i want to see the statement of bank on my phone
i want to reduce my phone call rate
I have lost my debit card,I want to block my card as soon as possible.
I like to eat ice cream.
Please create a demand draft as per my request form details.
Can I open a Demat account?
I love to do work from home.
Yoga is good for health
Which car to buy?
can you please add my add my alternate number with the existing one
Where do you get your news?
how many employees have participated in this survey
How much cashback I get.
where are you live in?
What’s the most creative use of emojis you’ve ever seen?
Are you getting a lot of time.
Data Usage
what are the roaming charges on my number ?
I want to get the duplicate bill for my mobile number.
How can I replace my SIM card?
Please tell me how can I activate gprs on my new phone.
How can I activate national roaming on my number?
I have not got my current month bill delivered to my mail id.
What is my job location
How do you forecast today?
In the living hall
That's perfect
Where do you want to install the air conditioner
You can pay by card also
Have you used this app before?
Who are you?
Does Standing Instruction on Debit Card work on all accounts?
You will require a 4G Ready Smart SIM, a 4G handset & should be present in a 4G Circle
Are you a customer of this bank?
Please tell my validity status?
Can I get a Debit Card linked to my Institutional Savings Account
Activate my data plan even while on roaming
I want to know about the data offers available.
This bill is more updated.
i want to change my address
How can i apply for personal loan against my bank account?
If I upgrade to 3G does my current number need to change?
Hello. I’m calling from out of town because I noticed that I wasn’t billed this month. This is a bit strange. Do you know why?
What is the network status?
What is my billing plan details?
How can I get my connection disconnected?
Can youl Please Call Back
deactivate it
how to close another account that I have?
I have not received my bill for last month
Its been 2 days and still I have not received the refund.
You can also buy postpaid connection from independent sales agent or direct sales agent
What type of home loan available?
How to change language in my handset?
Can a Home Loan be Pre-approved?
what are the charges of international roaming
What is your name ?
How can I reset my debit card atm pin
My number is blocked, please reactivate it
yeah. now showing the 4g icon.
thanks for your support.
What security do I have to furnish?
What is chip technology?
Can I withdraw cash from a teller at a Non-Bank of America Financial Center?
How can I request a debit card
How do I change my address?
How can I withdraw money from my personal checking account?
When are my funds available after deposit?
why is mobile number portability taking so long?
How can I determine my current level of insurance coverage?
I am working till late night
I am having difficulty in dialing in the toll free number
I want to change my bill plan
what is the due date
I checked that your account is already activated.
Is there anything else i can help you with
How can I change my biiling plan
I want to know the current status of my plan
i want to make changes in my excel sheet
How may i help you?
Please suggest me best plan as per my usage
May I get tax certificate?
Hi, This is Ishan calling from Accredo Health Group, How are you doing today?
mi sim is not activating
please change my contact number
What's time?
Your connection has been suspended because you haven't used your phone number since past 3 months.
how may i help you?
How can I receive itemize bill?
What are the Roaming charges?
I want to take a new mobile sim connection?
Please tell me if there are any Pre-paid offers available?
How long would it take to get the number portability process completed?
i want to change my plan
I would like to apply for the new telecom IPO, Who can help me apply online or take my request on phone?
Is your mobile on roaming ?
Could I ask who’s calling, please?
I want to upgrade my existing plan
what are the current offers in postpaid plan?
How to link Adhara number with bank account
how to apply for FD account
I am studying class 9
How can I check the payment schedule for my loan?
What is the late payment penalty on a Car Loan?
Please deactivate live cricket score service on my mobile number
why my request has not yet been resolved
or should I go for iphone ?
Pixel phone is also another great option in market in Android phone. Should I also check it as well?
do you want me to search anything funny to make you smile?
i want more options
what is the procedure to do the EMI conversion
When I will get my cheque book ?
What will be the maturity value of recurring deposit ending with 8987 ?
I want to order demand draft on my college name
Tell me the procedure to activate family plan on my mobile number
besides multiple calls and emails there is no action on exceeded bill.
Please convert my credit card spends to 12 motnh EMI
What is the charges to convert my credit card spends to 12 month EMI
Set standing instruction for my gas bills from my account ending with 8634
What is status of my request of port in of my mobile number ?
What is my credit category of my postpaid connection
I am not able to see my network in my handset
I want to change my bill plan.
Your service is pathetic
please update your email address
what is your name on bill?
When the sim will get deactivated?
What is the status of my plan change request?
What is TDS on Fixed Deposit?
give me a good offer of my plan
I plan to move to a different service provider
Do you want to activate any services on your number?
What is my bill amount?
Please activate my saving account
When does the data network switch to 3G from 4G
I lost my cell phone and want to deactivate my sim
Mention the types of call center and what is the difference between them?
internet is very slow today
What are key attributes of a customer service representative?
How long will it take for a changed bill plan to be effective
When will I get my cheque book from the Bank?
How to change the home branch of the bank?
I have not received the Welcome Kit for my Bank Credit Card. What do I do?
IBM gives me the oppurtunity to balance my work and family
how to link my aadhar card
to speak with customer care please press 2
mother asked her son where he had been all the day.
can you please tell me which credit card you have?
What is the fee for Online Bill Pay?
I am facing voice clarity issue
Please check, I am facing the below error in my system
How can i get detailed status of my data balance ?
How can i set my favorite song as my caller tune
Kindly share the status for my new handset
I want to know my KYC document I have submitted for my account
How much amount is required to open an account?
What are the benefits of this family plan
I have lost my ATM Card
I didnot receive any response for the request I raised in last week. Please escalate it.
how can i pay my bill amount?
Tell me some cheap plan.
What is the top up plans for ISD calls for Europians countries
How can i port my services.
Thank you for calling
Standing Instruction on Debit Card is available only on Active Debit Card.
Is there any limit for the Standing Instruction to be set?
i want to know the status of my sim deactivation request
How can one transact at an ATM?
What should I do if the Contactless POS machine is not available at the merchant outlet?
Do you ever lose your temper? What type of things makes you angry?
as per the bank's policy
Are you happy to share your experience with your company to your friends ?
I want to know the status of the demand draft that I ordered
This is just not fair
What types of Billing Options are available to me?
In case of any complaints regarding application whom can I approach?
Whom should I contact for linking of multiple JP Miles account?
What should I do if the Contactless POS machine is not available at the merchant outlet?
She is my younger sister.
Please update my address.
How to Point a Customer to an Existing FAQ or Tutorial Without Sounding Rude or Dismissive
How can I explore new Plans & Offers?
i want to upgarde my data services.
Can you please turn on the light in your room?
Sure, go ahead. What do you wanna ask
In order to use the activated local roaming services without any hassles, you need to do following settings.
In order to use the activated tariff plan without any hassles, you need to do following settings.
Kindly help me with details on Default settings on your phone.
What does your issue relate to?
My call disconnects very often when in roaming.
I want to know the billing cycle details of my mobile number.
cigrate is injures to health.
i want to work on some of the refund work
i want to define my expenses from next month
How long have you been working here?
Can I convert my iPhone spend of one lakh via credit card to equated monthly installments?
i want to deactivate my caller tone on my second number
How do I report a transaction dispute incurred using my credit card?
I do not want statements to be sent to my mailing address. How do I stop the same?
My ATM card is not working.
How do I cancel my auto pay instruction?
How can I view my monthly card statement?
My credit card has expired.
Hi, can you tell me what internet speed I would need to have so that four people would be online and watch streaming HD movies and TV shows without any buffering or slowed service?
Thank you for your patience.
My Bag color is Black.
Boat on the river looks so beautiful
I have no bank account but I’ve been told I need one?
How can i withdraw the notification services on my number?
What days and hours can I reach customer support?
Tell me about your billing policies and practices?
What self-service resources do you offer?
When will I get my refund?
i want my deposit receipt.
What is customer care toll free number
How can I check the status of my request.
I want to deactivate 3G service
i am very stressed about my appraisal results
what is the name of my city ?
Shashnak is a software engineer
How old are you?
If you want to learn something new,
This will help you understand hindi
Hello how are you?
workload sharing
How to change the billing address?
Where can I change my billing address?
how far is the temple from here?
What is best available plan for high data usage?
which school is best and which college is best in this city?
how to change the billing cycle for my credit card
please drop your message here
How long will it take to receive a replacement Debit card?
How to calculate the maturity value of my fixed deposit?
Please Visit the nearest branch.
Existing customers can get much more by checking their My Offers.
Could you tell me the process to stop the payment of cheque ?
Click on 'MY CARD PIN'
I want to activate SMS service in my registered mobile number.
An agent will visit your house
I want to disconnect my services.
I would like to get the telecom company changed for my Mobile.
what do you think about me?
where is a will there is way
How can I stop a cheque payment?
Enter first/Start cheque number to the last/End cheque number, with a reason for stopping the payment.
what is my data balance
I am not able to withdraw Recurrent Deposit amount from my RD account due to technical problem.
can i put your call on hold
i want too know my bank balance.
Deactivate my 3G Services
Is there a locker facility in your branch?
I want to Port my Mobile number to different service provider. Please take me through the procedure of the same.
How can I register for email statements?
Is ISD call facility on my mobile number.
When will the transactions conducted through NetBanking be processed?
What if I suspect that the security of any account of mine has been compromised?
It is important to note that the Union Budget 2015 has expanded the definition of Term deposits to include Recurring Deposits as well
How can I log in if I have forgotten my password?
What are the measures I can take to make NetBanking safer?
The maturity amount mentioned on the Recurring deposit confirmation advice is subject to the payment of all instalments on time
Will I be charged to book a Demand Draft online?
What is the procedure to replace a damaged Debit Card?
Where can I check the points earned for my transactions on my debit card?
The drums sound better at a distance.
Cashes are not getting dispensed from ATM Machine
HOW MAY I HELP YOU ?
How can I get duplicates of summary reports?
How does the EMI on credit card work?
what is the process for sim activation?
I want to cancel the cheque with cheque no:11223344 issued on 12-08-2017. Please stop this cheque from getting encashed.
I want to know the location.
What is the speed of my internet?
you can get all the extra minutes.
CAN I KNOW ABOUT MY CIBIL SCORE
What are Value added services on my mobile number ?
This issue will be resolved within 48 Hours
Some times, call is getting connected, but there is lot of disturbance in the voice.
How may i help you
i want to change my mobile.
I am not able to Login to my application
thank you for your help
Can you please provide the contact details?
Your call is on hold please stay on line
I am facing network problem in my area.
Will the itemized billing contain information for my STD calls?
WHAT IS STATUTORY LIQUIDITY RATIO?
Queries related to Insurance Policy on my credit card?
What is the minimum amount of Fixed Deposit required to get enrolled under Credit Builder Program (CBP)?
How and when is my bank account debited?
Can I pay a bill late at BillDesk?
How can I be updated of the latest offers and privileges?
How do I earn Hand-picked Rewards?
I'm unable to do online/Swipe transactions on credit card. Kindly help?
Can I use the same ATM PIN for both Primary and Addon credit card?
Who saw a peacock dance in the woods?
The minimum amount of Deposit which can be placed with the Bank shall be Rs 10,000
Are there any annual charges for my debit Card?
No Deposit shall be encashed before the expiry of five years from the date of the respective receipt.
The Deposit shall not be pledged to secure any loan or as security to any other asset.
What is the process of getting update on add on services
For Cumulative Term/Fixed Deposits, interest is compounded quarterly on completion of exact quarters.
What if I forget my Debit card PIN?
interest is calculated for completed months and further for incomplete month on actual number of days.
For the purpose of interest calculation calendar year is taken to consist of 365 days, except in a leap year when it is taken to consist of 366 days
The glory of Conscience is - love
When is the late payment fee charged on credit card?
What is the process for closing my data connection?
what are current interest rate for home loan ?
what is your name?
Let me think
what is the credit limit of my credit card
Why there are no mobile signals inside my house
Please let me know my balance
Nice to know about you
i want to apply for new check book.
i want to know about my bank branch timings
how to change my postpaid plan to prepaid
Differentiate your brand with a more convenient communication tool
My office is in Sector 62
What are International Roaming Activation Charges
you can contact me
Is it far from the church to the station?
what is your age
What ARE STD CHARGES FOR THIS BILL PLAN
IBM doesn't pay enough salary to its employees.
What STD CHARGES FOR THIS BILL PLAN
How to Transfer a Customer to a Different Chat or Phone Call
happy Teachers day
Previous years IT returns are required for applying for loan?
How come VAS services are activated on my phone. I have not asked for activation of VAS services.
i need to issue a new cheque book
KYC - Know your employee
what is the interest rate in saving account?
will open network help me to get faster network
Do I need a new debit card each year?
what is short ussd code to check my balance
what is expected time to get resolve my over billed issue.
what are the cost effective plans for sms ?
When are you planning to support UPI payments through your mobile application?
What are the transaction limits for International Cards
Is Bank responsible for the refusal by any Merchant Establishment (ME) or Point Of Sales to accept or honour the card?
Please wait for a moment, system fetches your account details
I need to order a new ATM card
where do you stay?
How do I make my Credit Card payments on ATM?
My bill amount is incorrect.
The customer should lodge a complaint with the card issuing bank at the earliest.
Can you please provide me detailed explanation of my this month's bill?
Lock your system to secure the data
Do not allow anyone to tailgate you
what is the bill amount
have you had your lunch?
Can you please tell me my last call cost.
I want to work now.
I would like to change my plan from prepaid to postpaid
please wait till I pass the call to my supervisor.
How may i help you ?
Have a nice day
Have to been to Europe which country in Europe?
I will try my best to give you the resolution.
What was my bill in the month of last February?
What was my bill in the month of last may?
i am not a customer.
I have to use the ATM
Your order is delayed
I am not able to connect to internet from my handset
I want to change my language preference.
My internet is not working
Is my account information safe ?
form more information please click on the link below:
From 2017, maldives is not a member of commonwealth games
Provide me information with available tariff plans
What is my EMI for this month.
What is my current month bill amount.
who are you?
I need a new cheque book.
Is my Mobile Number Portability request in pending state?
How do I know my beneficiary's details for a cheque issued in my name?
Can you help me to change my ATM pin?
Can I have multiple Zero Balance Salary Account with your Bank?
All is well
i needed a bank locker, can you tell me the procedure for it.?
Will both our salaries be taken into consideration for calculating the loan amount?
Can I prepay the loan?
Where can I avail  Housing loans?
What makes of cars does  finance?
What is the mandatory information required to make an RTGS & NEFT payment?
I want to activate 3G in my plan
I am going home
what is yearly maintenance cost of renting a locker?
He went to school yesterday.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is what you always say
Knowledge is power
What is purchase order.?
What is cash discount?
What is Balance sheet.?
How to register for Internet banking?
What happens to outstanding amount when customer moves to different circle?
How do I opt for an e-Bill?
How do I check my existing plan charges
How do I check my Bills on the Website?
How to check bill details on  App, USSD and SMS?
How do I check my Account balance?
How can I contact Customer Care while roaming within India?
Demands drafts are also known as sight drafts
The person making the order is known as the drawer and the person specified in the order is called the drawee
When will my sim be activated
A demand draft is a negotiable instrument similar to a bill of exchange.
Recharge request pending with operator, payment will be refunded to original payment if recharge not successful within 2 working days.
How can I recharge my mobile, photon or walky number?
without permission you changed the tariff plan
Can I again buy the pack showing under my recharge history?
What’s the difference between the two?
Are my credit/debit card details saved anywhere when i do i recharge transaction?
Why did my recharge not happen?
please do the Family Plan Linking so that all numbers get mapped
My bill amount is incorrect
Where did you get that number from, sir
My bill amount is incorrect
Documents required for SIM Exchange?
I want duplicate bill for previous month
How I would set up direct debit from my account for utility payments?
What is my customer id?
Why am I unable to get any SMS ?
What are the service taxes charged ?
How are you ??
What is the present rate of service tax ?
I have attached the detailed questionnaire as well.
how do you go back home
I have an appointment with my Doctor.
what is my billing date?
My recharge is not successful.
I need to buy a handset for myselft
handset is mandatory for everyone
What is the minimum amount can be deposit?
What is my ATM pin?
I want to change my ATM pin.
How to apply for a cheque book?
Send 5 lakh to sunita thakur.
May i know your sim number and aadhar card number to validate the information before activation.
I want to de-activate my sim.
Recharge 9958806250 mobile for 110 rs.
can you suggest me about international roaming pack
Please call me in the evening
the official time to contact is between 9 AM - 5 PM.
You can set your own limit on payment of bills.
i want to open a  ppf account
I have an add-on card. Does the person who holds the add-on card have to register their card separately or can we share a 3D Secure PIN?
What are the documents required for processing add-on card request?
Can I prepay by loan availed on credit card?
How do I obtain an ICICI Bank Credit Card?
What are the service charges applicable for RTGS/NEFT transactions?
ICICI Bank Jet Airways Credit Card.
What are the features & benefits of a Delhi Metro Railway Corporation (DMRC) Platinum Debit Card?
What is Miles Split Ratio Module (MSRM)?
How long do I continue to enjoy these privileges?
What will be the limit on the Insta card applied on basis of by Fixed Deposit account?
I mean, a person who studies all the day and does not take exercise should he not fall ill?
Why don't you tell me clearly?
They fall ill.
Do you want black booth or brown?
The minimum balance required to open an account is 10000
What are the charges for roaming outgoing on my plan
Nationwide is the biggest building society in UK
How are you?
What is KYC & KYC documents?
What is your telephone number?
How do I get reconnection after disconnection ?
What is your address?
Why I am having coverage problem near my area
How can I help you?
Can you please waive off my data amount for this month
What is Bill amount.
How can I add one more  mobile number in C O G.
How to check for effective plans ?
How to know my current plan and packs
Please send this Bill on Mail address.
The portal is showing good coverage in my area, but I am still facing an issue. What should I do?
Please provide me statement of my accounts
What is status of my mobile
can i change my 3g data to 4g
What is the procedure if I want to upgrade my Broadband account to a faster speed?
How we connect our mobile with bluetooth ?
What is the frequency range used for Bluetooth in India?
What is line of sight?
I did not received any mail. Something issue on my mail box.
What is a Broadband modem?
I want to know new bill plans
I have 4G activated, but cannot access 4G network.
How is the weather today?
I am having issue with my sim card.
I am not receiving the bills.
How much time it takes to port a mobile number ?
I am feeling scared
tit for tat
My laptop is not working.
I was trying to do a fund transfer, and I did not received the one time password, can you pls help?
Thank you for calling Random customer service. Hello, My name is Ram. How can I help you?
My name is Charanjit Singh.
Was I able to help you?
Please update my contact information
I am not able to use my ATM card
How can i help you
may i help you
What is your name?
what are FD rates for today?
When can i get my account statement?
I want to reset my atm pin
My last name is wrong, how to get it correct?
कैसा काम करेगा
I want to open a new locker
I am Watson , I have tremendous processing power
How can I port my number?
what is you bill plan
How do I activate my new sim ?
Explain me why my bill is way higher than my previous month's bill
How can you benefit from MNP?
However, only active mobile numbers can port. Thus, do not terminate your current line before porting.
Hi, I just want to deactivated the value added services that are activated on my phone.
The mobile number sought to be ported is not sub-judice
